# GFL2 Story/Summary: Decanonized stories

## Decanonized stories

These stories originally ran in CN as events, but were later rewritten. The rewrites were added to the story archives in CN and ran in place of the original events in other servers. Translation is only fragmentary in early EN files.

### Exotic Cadence

_Zucchero Café occurs during this story. Replaced by Amidst Wings of Gray._

Daiyan, Jiangyu and Zhaohui are wandering Dolls, taking odd jobs while traveling between Satellite Cities for Daiyan to gather musical inspiration. When they visit Satellite City CHE-02, the Commander is also there to track down members of the Girard Group on NOMFA's behalf after the Odesa incident, which authorizes them to work with the Dolls of Zucchero Café. Their mission is to capture a woman named 埃丝特 (Esther), a Yellow Zone civilian convinced by Girard's men to carry out a terrorist attack during the upcoming festival celebrating the Purification Project. Esther's men have planted explosives in the Eber, a giant mechanical beast used during the festival.

Esther's men book the restaurant where Daiyan, Jiangyu and Zhaohui work, but instead of celebrating, they start fighting over whether to abandon the attack since Esther is having second thoughts. Just before the fighting began, Daiyan started playing the song 马铃薯花开的时候 ("When the Potato Flowers Bloom"), which she learned in the Yellow Zone, but is actually from the village where Esther and her men are from. Esther takes it as a sign that Daiyan was sent by Girard to intimidate her and leaves the restaurant in a hurry. Daiyan runs after her to interrogate her about the brawl, but she's shot by 弗拉格 (Flagg), one of Girard's men, who was targeting Esther. When Esther flees, she drops her notebook, and the Commander saves Daiyan before bringing her to Zucchero Café for repairs.

The notebook informs them that Esther was from the Yellow Zone village of 乌扎马德奇 (tentatively “Uzamadezh”), which was built by generations of villagers before being destroyed by the Purification Project, leaving many of the inhabitants to die. The Girard Group infiltrated the villager's community and convinced them to attack the festival as retaliation against the URNC, manipulating the villagers as part of Girard's plans to take over the city. Daiyan, Jiangyu and Zhaohui volunteer to help the Commander find Esther and prevent the attack. When they infiltrate the villagers' hiding place, they find that Esther is trying to call off the attack, but Flagg's men are leading the villagers against her. The Dolls capture Esther, who explains her circumstances and helps them disarm most of the bombs. To identify and capture the villagers in the crowd and prevent them from activating the remaining bombs, Esther has Daiyan perform "When the Potato Flowers Bloom". Flagg retaliates by sniping Esther and remotely activating the Eber to crash the parade. Sharkry uses stage dry ice to slow down the machine and give Jiangyu time to hack it.

Meanwhile, the Commander confronts Flagg, who reveals that he once fought for the URNC and considered the Commander a hero for supporting its inception during the Battle of Frankfurt, but became disillusioned after the Commander's exile by the URNC government. He offers the Commander to join the Girard Group to take down the URNC and live a comfortable life in the White Zone, and also promises them the funds to fuel their “Doll fetishism”. The Commander replies that their exile was self-imposed, praises the loyalty of Dolls which humans like Flagg lack, then orders Makiatto, who was lying in wait, to take him and his men down. The Commander is nearly killed by Flagg during a brief close-quarters fight, but Daiyan arrives in time to save them. Flagg attempts to detonate the explosives rigged to the building, but they've already been disabled by Centaureissi while the Commander was making Flagg talk. When the Commander notices the strange color of his blood, Flagg confirms that he's in fact a Paradeus agent with an enhanced body. Before the Commander can wind down from the incident, they have to leave after Leva calls to warn that Squad 404 and Team Groza are locked in combat against the PMC Mangi Security Service. Daiyan gives the Commander a bottle pendant containing a potato flower to remember her by. After a visit to Zucchero Café, Daiyan, Jiangyu and Zhaohui leave for the next leg of their journey.

#### Datamined version

An unfinished version of the plot was found in Exilium's September 2023 beta in the form of audio files. Because only the voice acted lines were published and not the full text, most of the script is missing. The biggest difference with the final version of this story is that the Commander and Flagg don't appear, so Daiyan, Jiangyu and Zhaohui instead discover the terrorists' plans and neutralize the Eber with some support from Zucchero Café and Griffin. Paradeus' involvement as the true perpetrators is only hinted at by the appearance of their symbol. The character of Esther is instead called 雷蒙 (translated “Ramon” in game files and “Raymond” by fans) but fulfills the same role in the story.

### Zucchero Café

_This story wasacknowledged as unfinished by Sunborn and includes only pre-battle dialogues. Occurs during Exotic Cadence. Replaced by Bitter Thorns and Daisies._

As she's out buying ingredients for Zucchero Café, Centaureissi helps a convoy attacked by Varjagers. The convoy leader, who's a patron of the café, pays Centaureissi ten times the normal bodyguard fee to protect them the rest of the way. Before the convoy can leave the contamination zone, Springfield orders Centaureissi to urgently return to CHE-02 to help the Commander, Daiyan and Jiangyu. The Commander asks Centaureissi to hack into Girard's local network, where she finds information about bombs being planted not only in the Eber, but also in the building where Flagg is hidden. The Commander positions the Zucchero Dolls to prepare for entering the building. Centaureissi provides electronic warfare assistance to Jiangyu to take down the Eber before disarming the bombs.

### Intertwined Assault

_This story was rewritten and replaced by Chapter 12.5._

The Commander asked for Lenna's help for one of their operations. Lenna tried to keep it a secret from Leva to prove her worth to the Commander, but as they're driving through the contamination zone to reach Satellite City MAS-03, she's forced to request her sister's help to repel an electronic attack and to escape pursuit from a group of Varjagers and the defense forces of the Great Wall Railway. After falsifying their identity records to enter the city, Lenna claims she didn't correctly read the time to meet with their client and that's they're half a day early, giving her an excuse to spend time with the Commander.

At night, they meet the client, who requested intel about the Commander, and are surprised that the Commander showed up in person. While Lenna eliminates the client's bodyguards and deletes all traces of their presence, the Commander interrogates the client about their trafficking of chemicals in Odessa. The Commander's goal was to gather intel on their own so they wouldn't always rely on Kalina, but the interrogation yields no new information. As payment for the mission, Lenna asks the Commander to bring her back to the Elmo so she can be reunited with Klukai's team. She hopes that Leva and Kalina can soon also join, so her “family” is complete once again.

### Echo of Dawn

_This story originally ran on CN in August 2024. When Echo of Dawn was added to the CN story archives and ran as a new event on other servers in June 2025, its script was updated to reflect the changes in other rewritten chapters. The rewritten version also uses new assets: portraits for Faye and side-characters, and the closing CG from Aphelion._

After Jiangyu and Faye accidentally broke instruments in a music shop, Monsoon Squad is forced to live in a minuscule apartment in the Yellow Zone until they can make back the money they lost. While they assess the neighborhood, Zhaohui and Faye help Aida, a young actress who got robbed while gathering inspiration in the Yellow Zone. Aida is a member of the Talia Troupe, a wandering theater who will act “Daybreak's Oath” as a charity play. Since the troupe lacks the funds to hire guards and assistants, Zhaohui offers to hire Monsoon, who has experience in both combat and performing. However, another bounty hunter group, led by a certain 凯利·诺顿 (Kelly Norton) of 劳伦斯安保公司 (Lawrence Security Company) has already been recommended to the troupe.

Desperate for the contract, Monsoon decides to intercept the bounty hunter, but a fight breaks out between them and their two Dolls bodyguards. Faye eventually recognizes them as the Commander in disguise, who wanted to work for the troupe as a cover for their own contract, involving the investigation of nearby Varjagers groups. Upon hearing Monsoon's explanation, the Commander sends Groza and Vepley back to the Elmo and collaborates with Monsoon, supporting each others while working on their respective contracts. While they assess the settlement's security, the Commander and Zhaohui overhear an argument between Aida and a man regarding a certain "Feris", but the Commander prevents Zhaohui from intervening, not wanting to butt into Aida's private affair or create complications that could jeopardize their investigation. Zhaohui, who has a strong sense of justice, is disappointed in their action. Two days later, three rioters attack the troupe and accuse Aida of murder, but reveal that they were only hired to cause a scene and don't know the details of the accusation. The troupe director reveals that Aida's friend Feris, who played the lead role in “Daybreak's Oath”, was killed by Varjagers, and that her parents are accusing Aida of having organized her murder since she was promoted to lead actress after the death of her friend.

As Varjager activity in the area picks up in the following days, the Commander takes Zhaohui and Jiangyu to chase them. The Commander notices that the Varjagers are using more complex strategies than before, and also reveals that Monsoon Squad is cleared to join the Elmo if they want since Kalina got NOMFA to relax the “Agreement” after the Commander assisted H.I.D.E. 404 a month prior. Daiyan, Jiangyu and Faye want to join the Elmo, but Zhaohui is hesitating. A few days later, the Varjagers attack the settlement and capture Aida for ransom. Zhaohui wants to stage a rescue herself, but the Commander stops her, using a less direct and risky strategy: they pretend to be defeated and captured in order to locate and hide Aida before Monsoon can storm the Varjagers' camp.

Before they can leave the camp, Aida suddenly asks the Commander to kill the Varjagers: she noticed their leader wearing Feris' necklace, identifying them as the same group who killed her two months before, and wants to take revenge. During the final representation of “Daybreak's Oath”, Aida uses the necklace as a prop to represent the parting of a friend. Zhaohui asks the Commander why they chose self-exile, and they replied that they didn't want to blindly follow orders. This reason echoes Zhaohui's own choice to quit her former job and live freely according to her own justice, represented by the scars she chose to not repair. Having tested the Commander's moral stance, Zhaohui decides to join the rest of Monsoon aboard the Elmo.

A few years prior, Daiyan met Groza during a commission and had her deliver to the Commander a blue ribbon. In response, the Commander sent Groza back to deliver a pendant in the form of a thunderbolt representing Saint Elmo's Fire as a promise of reunion. Daiyan initially attempts to give the pendant back to the Commander, but finally decides to keep it as a proof of their bond.
