# GFL2 Story/Summary: Main Story

## Main Story

### Chapter 1

_The storiesBygones in the Wind, Secrets of the Heart and Mayling's Journal are relevant to characters introduced in this chapter._

The year is 2074, ten years after the end of Girls' Frontline. In the wake of the creation of the URNC, PMCs such as Griffin & Kryuger have been forcibly downsized. Aiming to escape the control of the Prometheans, the Commander suddenly left the PMC to take part in the rise of bounty hunting. Aboard the mobile base Elmo, they take on bounties with the Dolls Groza and Nemesis and the Elmo's mechanic Mayling. In March, the Elmo crew took a job to transport a mysterious high-tech box across Eastern Europe. The day after the welcome party of the newest member Krolik, the Elmo is ambushed by Varjagers, who take down the Dolls and seize the box. Deploying with their spare bodies, Team Groza manage to recapture the box, which opens briefly in self-defense and reveals a young girl inside. After replenishing their stock by visiting the underground broker Poludnitsa, who casts suspicion on the Commander's client, the Elmo makes way to Purification Zone W_2069_0105.

### Chapter 2

_The storyTwisted Smile is relevant to characters introduced in this chapter._

In Purification Zone W_2069_0105, the Commander obtains topographical maps of the region from the garrison commander. The crew is also joined by the medical Doll Colphne, gifted to the Commander by Poludnitsa. To lose their Varjagers pursuers, the Commander directs the Elmo to the contaminated area of Port Vest and set a successful ambush, but Team Groza barely survive an encounter with a Nemertea Boojum-class ELID. Colphne temporarily leaves the other Dolls to save herself before coming back out of guilt, durably damaging Groza's trust in her.

### Chapter 3

The box reacts to the Commander's biodata and opens, revealing the girl inside. Called Helena, her lack of ELID symptoms despite exposure to Collapse radiation indicates she's a fully-immune individual. With growing suspicions towards the client, the Commander decides to send the Dolls and Mayling to confront them at the delivery point, while they themselves travel to Satellite City ODE-01 with Helena to meet an old friend who will know more. When Team Groza attempts to capture the client, they are faced by the powerful third-generation Doll Sextans and are forced to pull back.

### Chapter 4

_Rabbit Observation Diary occurs during this story._

In ODE-01, the Commander and Helena meet Lenna and Kalina, who now work for the URNC's Non-Military Forces Administration (NOMFA). Though Kalina still blaming the Commander for abandoning Griffin a decade before, she reveals that she secretly arranged for the Commander to work on their current contract. Her aim was to facilitate the investigation of the client, who's suspected to work with the Girard Group. A message from Persica introduces the Commander to Remolding Pattern technology, a portable Reverse Collapse device. Helena is captured while Kalina's teams give her a checkup, and Team Groza breaks into a Girard lab to recover her, but they are attacked by Darture, another third-generation Doll equipped with a Remolding Pattern that transforms her into a giant combat mech. Groza manages to hold her off using her own Remolding Pattern device. Meanwhile, Kalina barely escapes summary execution from ODE-01's police thanks to Lenna and Leva and flees to Kyiv.

### Chapter 5

After being destroyed by Darture and uploaded into a new body, Groza temporarily enters a trance where she relives memories from her lost past. With the help of Dandelion and Peritya, the Commander, Krolik, Nemesis and Colphne manage to return to the Elmo. Back in the Yellow Zone, they receive a signal from Kalina to change their meeting point from Kyiv to an abandoned Sangvis Ferri factory. On the way, they discover that Helena is not a true fully-immune individual and Team Groza are all outfitted with a Remolding Pattern. Kalina's message is revealed to be a fake by Darture, but the Dolls prevail by using their Patterns. Before she succumbs, a voice enjoins Darture to abandon Girard Group and join a new faction.

### Chapter 6

After contacting the real Kalina, the Elmo departs for Kyiv. When Groza inquires about the Commander's motivations for helping in a matter that shouldn't concern a bounty hunter, they respond that the ongoing research about fully-immune individuals means their last target while working at G&K might still be alive. The Elmo reaches the underground channel used by the broker Saga to replenish their resources, taking out a Varjager ambush on the way. They take in the T-Doll Vepley and help the brokers defend against a vengeful Varjagers.

### Chapter 6.5 (Sojourners of the Glass Island \- Part I)

**Continuity note: The events of this chapter happen before Chapter 1, NOT between Chapters 6 and 7.**

_Punctuation of Friendship, Mysterious Message, Transcender, First Counterattack, If I Still Had a Choice, Second Farewell and Flower of the Heart are prequels to this story. Special Cinema and Halting Station are sequels to this story._

The story is told through Suomi's letters to the Commander. She's now part of a Doll community born from the caravan of a bounty hunter named Allen. After Allen's disappearance, his Dolls rallied behind the T-Doll Ullrid, who leads the community to live in the Yellow Zone independently from humans. Ullrid is able to inspire hope in the community, but is not actually comfortable in her position and relies a lot on Littara, another former G&K Doll, as her strategist. However, the community is slowly dying from lack of resources. A ray of hope appears when they find the abandoned Marley thermal power station, where a lot of Doll equipment is stockpiled. Only the high concentration of ELIDs seems to be in their way.

Ullrid insists that the community decide their next objectives with votes, but more Dolls are abstaining from participating as their situation worsens. Ullrid needs to convince them to brave the ELID danger at Marley instead of going on their way and hope to find resources elsewhere. By chance, Suomi runs into the deactivated body of former elite G&K T-Doll KSVK and brings her back to camp to repair her. After losing all memories of her past, KSVK has been wandering trying to find people who knew her. Suomi and Littara didn't know her well at G&K, but they help her remember the Commander, DP-12, and her true name: Dushevnaya. As thanks, Dushevnaya promises to help the Doll community fight the ELIDs at Marley, which tips the scales during the vote.

While investigating the station, the Dolls discover that it was actually being used by an experimental agricultural project aiming to make Yellow Zone agriculture viable by developing underground cultivation techniques. But when they try to enter the subterranean fields, they are attacked by bots and pursued by an incredibly powerful Creepy Doll. They also discover that the station's cooling towers are artificially increasing the local concentration of Collapse particles to lure ELIDs in the region. All signs point towards the fact that Marley is actually a secret but active human operation, but Ullrid skews the community's vote again by hiding some information and promising that the chances are in favor of the community taking the station by force. When investigating Ullrid's reasons for lying, Littara discovers that the community's resources are actually nearly depleted and that their only other choices are to go to their death in the Red Zone, or abandon their freedom and return to human settlements. Despite uncovering Ullrid's lies, Littara, Suomi and Dushevnaya support her ideals of freedom and her plan to take over Marley.

The next day, the Doll community enters the cooling towers and deactivate them, causing a general attack by the bots and the Creepy Doll. After a harsh battle where Littara is nearly destroyed, the Creepy Doll is engulfed in the explosion of one of the cooling towers and only one of her previously severed arms remains. In the locket attached to the wrist, the Dolls find records revealing her true name, Lambertia, and her apparently unfruitful attempts to complete the cultivation research after the humans abandoned it. Shaken by the deadly battle that reminded her of her past as a prey in a Doll hunting ground, and the revelation that the underground fields are unusable, Ullrid is about to make amend for endangering the community by giving up her role as leader. Littara then finds more hidden reports revealing that Lambertia's efforts actually paid off, and that Marley is so isolated that she wasn't even able to contact other humans to reveal her progress, ultimately making Ullrid's gamble a success.

### Chapter 6.7 (Sojourners of the Glass Island \- Part II)

**Continuity note: The events of this chapter happen before Chapter 1, NOT between Chapters 6 and 7.**

_Shadow in the Snow and Deputy Leader are prequels to this story._

After the events at Marley, Suomi is sent on a resource gathering expedition and helps a bounty hunter convoy, in hopes of meeting the Commander to give them the letters she wrote. She's abandoned by the convoy and found by the Elmo, who followed the light of her lantern. By having Suomi on board, the Commander is breaching the Mephisto Agreement forbidding them from staying in contact with their former Dolls, with the exception of the amnesiac Groza. Two months after Suomi's rescue, the Elmo receives an ad about the “Spectrum Bubble-Cart”, a bubble-spewing toy tank. Suomi recognizes the ad as a secret message from Ullrid recalling her to the community, but she decides to wait for a proper occasion to announce her departure to the Commander. Mayling mistakes Suomi's interest in the ad for an interest in the bubble-cart and starts working on a makeshift version.

To craft a situation to announce her leave, Suomi organizes a Game of Kings with the crew, but none of the situations that emerge are what she expected. Mayling duels the Commander in a tactical command simulation, loses and gets too drunk to keep playing, Nemesis gets asked to tell a joke and Groza launches into a monologue about the proper criteria for selecting a tea set. The game ends when combat arises against ELIDs. Later, the Commander receives an ominous email warning them not to keep Suomi any longer, while Suomi prepares a letter of leave for the Commander. She walks in on Mayling preparing the bubble-cart and a mechanical issue causes the entire command deck to become covered in slippery bubbles, causing Suomi's letter to reach the Commander's hands ahead of time. Because the Doll community includes several of their former Dolls, the Commander can't escort Suomi back, but sends Groza with her along with a gift of resources, and they hope the agreement will end soon so they can all be reunited.

### Chapter 7

On the way to Kyiv, the Elmo stops by Saga's settlement. There, Colphne meets an ELID sufferer named Crifium, who is claimed to have been involved with her lost regiment. Colphne deletes all her data from the Elmo and goes alone to investigate the cult Crifium has joined to cure his ailment. When they discover that Colphne disappeared, the Elmo crew also come in contact with the cult, and they discover that their beliefs are close to those of Paradeus. Helena and Nemesis also recognize the cultists, but can't communicate well about their past involvement with them. Vepley and Krolik infiltrate the cult and manage to convince Colphne to run away with them. Colphne doesn't understand why the Commander would want to help her, but Paradeus' involvement is a clue that could lead the Commander to settle the “unfinished business” from their time at Griffin. The Commander decides to investigate the “Lady Immore” and the “Lost Cavitas” at the center of the cult.

### Chapter 8

The Elmo crew captures the leader of the cult, which the Commander identifies as a Nyto. While fending off the prisoner's attempt to hack the Elmo, Groza briefly makes contact with her virtual cognition image and learns her name: Niter No.249, a lesser form of the Nytos previously encountered by G&K. The lower technological level of the Paradeus units compared to the ones encountered in the 2060s leads the Commander to speculate that the White Faction has not significantly recovered from its fall in 2064. To continue the investigation, the Elmo allows No.249 to escape after secretly putting a transponder on her, and they follow her to a new Paradeus stronghold.

Disguised as cultists, Team Groza and Helena infiltrate the cult and take part in their “purification” ritual, where a Nyto miraculously cures an ELID sufferer. The Nyto then changes Crifium into an ELID monster to attack the Dolls. Colphne attempts to interrogate Crifium about the reason why his Varjager group went out of their way to wipe out her regiment, but can't do anything than kill him to claim her vengeance. The encounter with Paradeus leads the Commander to think that Helena is related to the “Lost Cavitas” that “Lady Immore” is searching for. Back at the Elmo, Colphne apologizes for her past behavior and the Commander gives her the welcome gift they had prepared for her: a uniform from her original regiment. Colphne finally opens up about her past, and the Commander pledges to support her. The Elmo is suddenly attacked by Sextans?, who appears to have forgotten her identity.

### Chapter 8.3 (Amidst Wings of Gray)

_Growing-Up Emergency Manual, Graffiti Variation, Discordant Pitch and A Fledgling Returns are relevant to the Dolls featured in this story._

As Team Groza is struggling against Sextans?, Lenna and Dandelion contact the Commander. Dandelion remotely accesses the Elmo's systems to enhance the Remolding Pattern, which enables the Dolls to capture Sextans?, and Lenna informs the Commander that Helena must now be transported to Lviv using the intercontinental railway, in order to throw off enemy surveillance. They also make plans to assists Squad 404 in one of their future missions. The Commander and Dandelion catch up after 10 years apart, and Dandelion informs the Commander that “she” has requested that they must again take part in a plan that promises to save many lives, after leading a powerless and aimless life for 10 years. In exchange for the Commander's help, they'll slowly be reunited with more of their Dolls through so-called “chance encounters” until the Mephisto Agreement can be rescinded.

Leaving Team Groza aboard the Elmo to monitor Sextans?, as well as Nemesis due to her newly revealed past as a Paradeus Doll, the Commander, Colphne and Dandelion (controlling a levitating Dinergate) fly by drone with Helena to the nearby railway hub. On the way, Helena hears a voice in her head and intervenes in a battle between the Mangi PMC and a Tumorhynchus Boojum. When the Commander comes to after being knocked out during the battle, Colphne has disappeared and a Collapse storm is approaching. Helena guides the Commander and Dandelion to an Underground Broker tunnel, which they find has been repurposed into a lab where Paradeus is studying the fusion of Collapse-infused plants with animals and humans.

Meanwhile, the Boojum carries Colphne to the railway hub as it attacks it. Colphne is found by Daiyan, Jiangyu and Zhaohui, who had been called there to reinforce the Commander. The Dolls follow Helena's signal into the Paradeus lab and find that she's trapped inside the wounded Boojum, which is being resuscitated by absorbing the bodies of sacrificial cultists. When Helena is liberated from the Boojum, it is revealed that it was a second Helena, designated D-68, that was guiding the Commander in the lab. In a trance, Helena calls D-68 a traitor and claims to be an entity of familiar nature to the Commander. As the Dolls, the Commander and D-68 attempt to leave, Mangi troops threaten to overwhelm them when Centaureissi and Makiatto from Zucchero Café also arrive to reinforce them.

### Chapter 8.7 (Bitter Thorns and Daisies)

As the Dolls of Zucchero Café were waiting for the Commander's visit on their way to Lviv, Dandelion warns them of the incident with the Boojum and they rush to reinforce them in a refurbished Griffin helicopter. With Zucchero's help, the Commander, the Dolls and the two Helenas break through the encirclement of Mangi Security Service's Omen special forces. The leader of Omen, Adjutant Lentine, recognizes the Commander from the Battle of Frankfurt and tracks down the Elmo. The Commander and the Dolls return to CHE-02 to hide in one of Springfield's safe houses, and the Commander and Springfield have a heart-to-heart about the Commander's self-imposed exile. Springfield sees the Mephisto Agreement as a trial to test the bond between the Dolls and the Commander, and asks them not to feel guilty for calling on them after 10 years of absence.

The original Helena is stuck inside her box, where Dandelion had to imprison her due to another entity taking control of her, and the second Helena is reluctant to trust the Commander and the Dolls because the Statesec agents who previously tried to protect her died fighting against Paradeus. After hearing about the Commander's background, she opens up and explains that the Helenas were expelled from their place of origin when the “first Helena” attempted to kill her sisters, and that Paradeus has since been using them as icons in their cult communities, and as controllers for the artificial Boojums they are creating by sacrificing the cultists. Springfield and Makiatto agree to transport the box containing the first Helena to Lviv, while the Commander and the rest of the Dolls will return to the Elmo and separately transport the second Helena, renamed Melanie, after assisting H.I.D.E. 404.

On the Elmo, Groza attempts to probe Sextans' neural cloud for information and discovers that she was damaged during a “fusion experiment” to make her body appropriate for hosting a godly entity. The connection also gives Groza a vision of herself assassinating the Commander, which deepens her fears that she may be a sleeper agent ever since she was allowed to return to the Commander after losing her memory. The Elmo weathers Mangi and Lentine's attack, but the situation becomes desperate. Groza is about to conduct a suicide bombing attack, hoping to take out two threats by killing the Mangi troops and herself, but the Commander's helicopter arrives in time to repel the attack. While searching for 404, they rescue Dier, who discovers that Sextans' body is made of Boojum cells which self-repair her mangled body and neural cloud when Melanie approaches her. Due to her data having been wiped clean, Sextans recognizes the Commander as her new owner, and Dier uses her IFF to track down the movements of the Mangi forces and find 404.

### Chapter 9 (Aphelion \- Part I)

NOMFA has deployed Team One of H.I.D.E. 404 to determine if Paradeus is active at the border of the Red Zone. Team One comprises Mechty, Andoris and Belka, and is led by Klukai. While reconnoitering, Klukai and Mechty loose contact with the rest of the team and are attacked by unidentified mechs. They then accidentally fight against the 3762nd Platoon of the URNC Survey Corps led by a soldier named Dmitry, who hates Dolls. Klukai escorts Dmitry's forces to a nearby settlement as reparation for the equipment damaged in their altercation, and to restore transmissions, but all relays in the area have been sabotaged. Klukai is forced to pay Dmitry to use the Survey Corps' channel and link back with Andoris and Belka. They notice that the Survey Corps are assisted by Mangi Security Service, the private guns of pharmaceutical company Cecht FABN. As 404 continue their investigations, they answer a distress signal from Dmitry, whose forces are attacked by a Boojum. Just as Andoris was about to kill the Boojum using an experimental cannon built by Dier, a Mangi soldier sabotages the shot and the Boojum runs away. With the danger rating of the area increasing dramatically, Kalina and Leva pull strings to attach Team One to Dmitry's 3762nd Platoon.

### Chapter 10 (Aphelion \- Part II)

_This story is related toClassified Briefings#Deeply-Buried Crystals._

As the 3762nd and 404 investigate the next area, they find the corpses of the 1364th Survey Corps Platoon carrying a strange set of coordinates. Blusphere continues to send Mangi troops in an attempt to eliminate them, causing ever-mounting losses in the 3762nd and hindering their efforts to restore communications with the outside world. Reflecting on his past as a loyal soldier of General Carter, Dmitry realizes that the coordinates are encrypted using a cypher from his old friend Nikolai, who died with the rest of the 1364th, and follows them to an abandoned sanatorium built into a salt mine near Jahodná. 404 finds unusually big Collapse crystals in the mine as well as the runaway Boojum, which they eliminate. Dmitry carves out of the monster's body a datachip which contains the evidence collected by the 1364th about the Powehi Plan : Paradeus, Mangi and Cecht FABN conducted Collapse radiation experiments on their Unitates followers in the region, using the crystal to control radiation density. 404 and Dmitry realize that the enemy's objective in pursuing the Boojum was to get rid of this compromising evidence while Mangi's troops surround the salt mine and blow up most exits.

Dmitry mounts Operation Smoke Signal, where he intends to sacrifice the 3762nd in order for 404 to escape and reveal the conspiracy. Dmitry's men give up the batteries powering their radiation suits to power Dier's experimental cannon and let 404 blow an exit open, and when Blusphere captures Dmitry and attempts to make him reveal 404's location, he and his men stall long enough for the remaining natural gas in the complex to gather and cause a powerful explosion. 404 manages to exit the mine, but Mangi's troops catch up to them, along with a monstrously deformed Blusphere, as a side-effect of entering her second form while badly damaged.

Blusphere is about to destroy 404 when Groza, Krolik, Vepley and Sextans? intervene in an armored car, having met the surviving members of the 3762nd before their death and followed Mangi's signals to the battlefield. Neutralized, Blusphere starts her self-destruct sequence as well as a region-wide catalysis of the hidden Collapse crystals, menacing to drown the area in radiation. Dier manages to hack her just in time to stop the countdown, and Blusphere's components only produce a flash before she suffers from a neural meltdown. The Elmo recovers both 404 and Blusphere's body, but they find that the flash from Blusphere was a powerful EMP that made the data collected by the 1364th unreadable. Leva orders 404 to travel to Lviv along with the Elmo so they can attempt a recovery of the data and obtain definite proof of the connection between Paradeus, Mangi Security and Cecht FABN. On the conspirators' side, they uncover ties between 404, the Elmo and NOMFA, Cocoon is certain that Stuart Group's EMP has destroyed the evidence, and Blusphere receives a new body.

### Chapter 11 (Deep Oblivion \- Part I)

Directly after the incident in ODE-01 during Chapter 4, while the Commander returns to the Yellow Zone, Kalina, Lenna and Leva return to the White Zone of Odesa. They are placed under house arrest while Public Security investigates their connection to the illegal automatons who fought against the Commander's Dolls in ODE-01. Director Kryuger sneaks out Leva's neural data to load it into her original body, so she can join Robella and Soppo of AR Team to prove Kalina's innocence and resume NOMFA's investigation into the Girard Group. Kalina receives an encrypted anonymous message that points the Dolls to a backdoor in the remains of the illegal automatons. They find proof that the automatons actually belonged to the Girard Group, and Kalina is released by Legislator Zimmerman, a member of the Parliament of Odesa.

Zimmerman claims he wants to collaborate with NOMFA's investigation of Girard, as he suspects they're involved in the assassination of the previous Chief of Odesa Oblast. Surveillance footage proves that Sextans perpetrated the murder, before impersonating the Chief's authority and ordering the raid on NOMFA's safe house in ODE-01 where Kalina was nearly killed by the illegal automatons. However, there is no solid evidence that Sextans is acting under Girard's orders yet. Moreover, Girard will be fighting hard against any accusation, since Legislator Rurik, who is also the chairman of Girard, will be campaigning to replace the Chief, relying on the company's good standing in Odesa's public opinion. This is in spite of the company using its connections to the city's government for profit, to the detriment of its economy.

Kalina sends Robella and Leva to investigate the scene of the murder for clues about Sextans. During the mission, the two Dolls come clean about their respective reasons for assisting NOMFA despite their status as independent Dolls: Leva aims to preserve the equilibrium between the political forces of the URNC, which is a source of contracts and stability for H.I.D.E. 404, while Robella wants to keep collaborating with former Griffin & Kryuger allies to search for M4A1. They also start to suspect that the Chief was killed because he was investigating Girard's concealed stranglehold on Odesa. Rurik obstructs the investigation, pretending that the Dolls are breaching the confidentiality of the Oblast's government, but Kalina intervenes and gives Robella enough time to hack into the late Chief's computer and copy its content. In the data, they find a purported email that the Chief attempted to send to Kalina, which points to a locker at a railway station in ODE-22.

In ODE-22, Leva, Lenna, Robella and Soppo discover that they're now considered wanted Dolls, with Public Security pretending that it is due to an error in their systems. They receive the impromptu support of Dier, who was in the city to support his family's supermarket business, and helps the Dolls with his network of delivery trucks and hacking skills. Using the rush hour crowd at the station to their advantage, the Dolls manage to reach the locker and discover it contains a huge amount of illegal Sardis Gold, as well as a forged contract implicating Kalina. With Public Security and the illegal automatons closing in, Leva takes the decision to let Lenna be captured, giving Robella a chance to escape with the contract to preserve Kalina's position.

Afterwards, a furious Rurik confronts Cocoon about her failure to obstruct NOMFA's investigation, as well as Darture's inability to kill the Commander, and Sextans botched murders and fallout with the Claude family because of the events of Chapter 3. Sextans in particular is being prepped for disposal. The obstacles met by NOMFA to reach the locker were only a setup to entice them into the trap prepared by Rurik, but with the contract missing, his plan to indict Kalina has failed and his takeover of Odesa could be compromised. Due to his control on third-generation Dolls technology, Rurik considers his company to be the most important actor of the Horoscope Program led by a mysterious entity only referred to as "it". Rurik particularly despises the company Cecht FABN, the only one of the “Families” of the program willing to directly work with Paradeus, and he considers recalling the Dolls lent to them, Cocoon and Blusphere, if they don't pay a tribute.

Despite having lost Lenna, the NOMFA Dolls gained from the locker an extra piece of intel hidden in ad leaflets inside, which points to an abandoned villa outside of ODE-04. At the villa, they run into Alva, a member of Task Force DEFY who is following her own lead on a private affair. Alva cooperates with Leva, Robella and Soppo, and they find an extensive, seemingly inactive Girard underground research center. They find evidence that Girard has been stealing their third-generation technology from Persica for years, and locate the server room used by Girard to control their third-generation Dolls. They're confronted by Darture, who coaxes Soppo into destroying the server controlling her before unleashing a powerful Doll prototype and wiping out the other servers. After a grueling fight in both the physical and digital world, Leva, Robella, Alva and Soppo manage to escape the complex just before the prototype self-destructs. Outside, they realize that the underground battle has caused severe damage to ODE-04.

Cocoon reports to her actual superior that she has seized Girard's research from the underground labs and that Girard has now lost control over their third-generation Dolls, allowing Darture to shift her allegiance. It is revealed that Cocoon's superior was the source of the string of intel followed by the Chief before his death, then by NOMFA, in a bid to diminish Rurik and Girard's value in the eyes of "it" and lose control of the Lullaby Project, without having to expose Cecht FABN's true role in the events.

### Chapter 12 (Deep Oblivion \- Part II)

After the incident in ODE-04, Girard Group equipment across Odesa Oblast have been running haywire, including dangerous security automatons. Rurik tries to conceal the remains of the underground lab and control the damages to the company's reputation and stocks, extorting more funds from Cecht FABN to cover his expenses. Meanwhile, the NOMFA Dolls, including Lenna who was returned from custody, help Fedya's SSA and the PSA to secure the satellite cities. PMC and Railway Corps troops are recalled from the purification and contamination zones in the city to assist. Robella ingratiates herself with a PMC member and former NSU soldier named Pavel by saving his daughter.

As soon as the state of emergency ends, a new crisis emerges when ELID contamination appears to have spread in the Oblast, and Kalina sends the Dolls to investigate the outbreak in the confinement area of ODE-07. They find that the contamination is spreading from the troops that were recalled from irradiated areas, despite their vaccination records showing no anomalies. Robella pressures Pavel for information, and he reveals that most of the personnel working outside the Green Zones are relying on cheap and low-efficiency vaccines due to the limited quantities of official ones. Robella inquires about why Pavel isn't using his NSU veteran perks to solve his personal situation, and he reveals that he actually deserted during World War Three to form his family. Robella fails to seize the opportunity to empathize with his situation, but Kalina does, which convinces Pavel to give them one of the illegal vaccines he had been saving up for analysis. Soppo is sent out to bring the vaccine to a NOMFA lab for analysis. Robella later reflects that "human sensibility" is both a weakness and a great provider of opportunities that she must learn to use, and Kalina praises her growth as a Third-Generation Doll, even though she's no longer considered a viable experiment by Persica.

After finding that the factory that produced the vaccine is near Lviv, Kalina sends the Commander to investigate, since they're also approaching Lviv Oblast where they're supposed to deliver Melanie to NOMFA. Klukai, Andoris and Belka discover that it is an abandoned factory belonging to the Girard Group, and recover proof that it was intentionally producing sham vaccines. From the experiment records and equipment, Leva also starts suspecting that Helena was originally being shipped to this factory to be used as a cultivation medium, before she was intercepted by the Commander on behalf of NOMFA. Kalina orders the Elmo to stand by near Lviv while NOMFA launches the prosecution against Girard. When he learns about the lawsuit, Rurik realizes that the factory originally belonged to Cecht FABN, who had given it to Girard as part of their financial help scheme. Having lost all support from the other members of Project Lullaby, Rurik activates a backdoor that makes every Girard product in the Oblast go haywire, including overloading the experimental Collapse radiation energy generator of Selene Power Plant in ODE-07 to transform Odesa into an irradiated wasteland. Rurik flees the city by air, but is assassinated in his plane by Darture and a Groza lookalike clad in black.

As Odesa descends into chaos, the NOMFA personnel is sent to Selene Power Plant to stop its explosion as part of Operation Xyster. Kalina takes over the rescue operations after the local commander is killed by the rioting droids, while Leva and Robella counter the hacking of the plant to re-enable its cooling systems. While Leva synchronizes her efforts with the human technicians, Robella tries to rush through the operation to return at Kalina's side and protect her, taking the risk to make the situation worse and arguing that winning the battle is meaningless if the people they're close to die in the process. Leva only manages to convince her to follow the plan after Soppo returns and reinforces Kalina. The situation eventually stabilizes and Kalina sends the last convoy of refugees through the Odesa Bay Bridge along with the wounded Fedya, but a last enemy wave led by the black-clad Groza attempts to break through and destroy the convoy.

To protect the civilians, Kalina leads the surviving rescue forces and Soppo against the droids. By staying behind, she uses her position in NOMFA to force the Odesa government's hand, so they accept her request carried back by Fedya: to prepare an artillery strike on the bridge itself despite the risk of tremendous economic damage. Soppo and Kalina attempt to stop the powerful Groza?, who mangles Soppo's body but stops short of killing her, and is similarly reticent to kill Kalina. When Leva, Lenna and Robella arrive, Kalina direct them to conscribe Groza? to the most resilient part of the bridge, before jumping into the water as the artillery strike hits. Groza? survives using a force field and leaves the battlefield, having completed her mission to spread as much chaos as possible.

After the battle, Leva praises Kalina's heroism while lamenting that she's been pushed into the role of a cold calculating strategist. Eager to defend Leva's image, Lenna reveals that Leva actually forgot that she also made a terrible personal sacrifice earlier during the underground lab battle, by losing her memories of UMP40. A month later, Zimmerman is elected interim Chief of Odesa due to his collaboration with NOMFA, most of his opponents dropping out during the investigations into Girard's collaborators in the Oblast government, and appeal to the citizens' desire for stability after the recent string of tragedies. But instead of freeing Odesa from corporate intrusion, he announces that Cecht FABN will take the Girard Group's placeas an integrated partner. Zimmerman is revealed to be a member of the Orlog Conglomerate who was in charge of taking down Girard's increasing monopoly on Project Lullaby.

### Chapter 12.5 (Intertwined Assault)

After capturing Blusphere's body, the Commander makes a deal with Dier and Sier to plan for a new permanent base in the Yellow Zone to study the Girard Group's third-generation Doll technology and its ties to fully-immune individuals like Helena and Melanie. When the Commander attempts to procure daily resources through Poludnitsa, they learn that prices have gone up because the URNC is tightening surveillance of supply lines. The increased security is caused by the the Girard Group's bad batch of ELID vaccines, increasing vaccine prices as supplies were reduced, and forcing the population to attempt importing illegal vaccines from the Yellow Zone, where these vaccines are part of basic survival. Kalina sends resources to the Commander under the cover of a vaccine raw materials transport mission to an isolated location in the Yellow Zone. Kalina elects not to mention the encounter with Groza? in ODE-07.

While delivering the raw materials to an automated factory, the Elmo fends off Varjagers and follows them to their base, finding it under attack by the soldiers of Lonnie from Mangi Security, who aim to recapture vaccines and raw materials. While Groza's team infiltrates the Varjagers' base to steal a batch of vaccines, the overwhelmed Mangi soldiers call Adjutant Lentine for help, and Blusphere also joins the assault on Cecht FABN's orders to destroy the vaccines instead of recovering them. By reselling the raw materials through the Underground Brokers, the Commander confirms that the automated factory relies on both official and stolen materials to produce illegal vaccines. After rescuing Lonnie's teams, Lentine decides to integrate Dolls in her teams in a bid to rise through the ranks and prove herself better than the Commander, requesting a particular former Griffin Doll connected to the Lullaby Project.

Meanwhile, Kalina also investigates the raising vaccine prices and learns about Orphi Hospital, a Yellow Zone establishment known to produce small quantities of a vaccine more effective than official ones. Kalina sends Lenna to make contact with the hospital through one of their patients, a retired soldier suffering from ELID called Isa. Isa's disease is in terminal stage because she sold all of her vaccines to support her daughter Lily, who's studying to become a permanent Green Zone citizen. Isa managed to avoid turning into an ELID infected through sheer force of will, but she now considers joining the cult of Paradeus for a chance to reach true immunity. Isa receives emergency treatment from the hospital's director, Orphia, who wants to uncover Paradeus' treatment methods to save her own patients. Lenna and Isa agree to infiltrate Paradeus to investigate, with H.I.D.E. 404 in standby to provide support. After passing Paradeus' first “trial” by surviving the ingestion of their anti-radiation treatment, Isa and Lenna are brought into Paradeus' base, where they find experimental human Boojums and recover anti-radiation drugs before the base is destroyed by 404's assault.

Lenna brings Isa and Orphia to the Elmo, where the Commander confirms that Orphia is the one operating the automated factory and producing the illegal vaccines. While Lenna has come to respect Orphia for her efforts to save all of her patients, the Commander is more wary and interrogates Orphia about her ties to Paradeus. Orphia admits that she's been working with both the Varjagers to procure the raw materials and with Paradeus, sending incurable patients to them so they can die as test subjects while holding to some hope. In exchange, Orphia received batches of Paradeus' drugs to reverse-engineer it and copy their technology for her own vaccines, but she still hasn't identified the last key ingredient. When Isa changes into a human Boojum, Orphia controls her using the same kind of special Collapse crystals used by Paradeus to influence ELIDs, and kidnaps Lenna before returning to the factory, where she demands to meet with the Commander.

Orphia asks the Commander to become her backer, using their military power and political connections to enable her factory to run at full capacity, flooding the market with cheap and efficient vaccines to challenge the conglomerates crushing the common people for profit. The Commander refuses and warns Orphia that Paradeus is only pretending to cure ELID sufferers to gain sponsor from people like her trying to save their patients, and from conglomerates hoping to corner the market by obtaining a true cure to ELID. They reveal that Paradeus' real goal is to produce fully-immune individuals to gain control of Relic Technology, and that the patients Orphia sent to them were never used as test subjects for a cure, but exposed to deadly dosage of radiation to screen them for potential immunity. The Commander threatens to kill Orphia if she doesn't cut ties with Paradeus and surrenders all of her research materials, but they're interrupted by a Paradeus attack. Orphia's contact at Paradeus boasts that Orphia is disposable since her research never helped them in their search for producing human Boojum controllers, and reveals that the missing ingredient for her vaccines is tissue fluids from a fully-immune individual, a component impossible to mass-produce. Contracting ELID due to the sudden localized increase in Collapse radiation combined with her constant exposure to infected patients, Orphia admits she was wrong and sacrifices herself to destroy Paradeus' troops, Isa and the other patients turned into human Boojums, and the factory. She grants her research materials to the Commander and her sister Elinda.

Combining the new intel with the data salvaged from the Survey Corps' chip from Chapter 10, the Commander locates another Paradeus base in the Lviv White Zone, where Helena is currently headed. This also grants Kalina conclusive evidence to launch an official investigation into the connections between Paradeus and the Orlog Conglomerate, but she needs the Commander to make a formal transfer of evidence, which will expose their identity to the actors of the conspiracy. In Odesa, Zimmerman negotiates with Cecht FABN to bring the vaccine prices to normal to gather public support and advance Project Lullaby.

### Chapter 13 (Corposant \- Part 1)

Springfield and Makiatto from Zucchero Squad approach Lviv to complete their mission of delivering Helena O-43 to NOMFA, with the Elmo following close. Outside the city, the Commander receives the unexpected visit of Berezovich Kryuger, their former superior at Griffin & Kryuger now working as NOMFA's director, and the person they respect the most. Kryuger explains that the evidence gathered by Kalina after years of investigations will be used against the Girard Group in court, in order to bring them down and deny Paradeus' main source of funding. The Commander isn't satisfied with this approach since the long process allows Paradeus to inflict more suffering on innocent people and relies on the URNC's administration, which is controlled by the Rossartrists who manipulated the Commander until they chose exile after the Battle of Frankfurt ten years prior. The Commander still accepts Kryuger's accommodation plans, which gives them elevated access to the entire city. The Commander assigns the Dolls of Squad 404, Team Groza, Monsoon Squad and the remaining members of Zucchero Squad to secure their stay in Lviv and investigate both the Girard Group and NOMFA.

Meanwhile, during an operation against a Paradeus lab where they destroy a clone of Chiloveig, one of Paradeus' top scientists, Alva and Voymastina from Task Force DEFY learn about Project Eden, a joint project between Paradeus and the Girard Group which requires Helena O-43. DEFY's commander, who is currently in a deep infiltration mission at Girard, deploys the team in Lviv to support NOMFA, alongside Kevin and Nele. After successfully smuggling Helena O-43's box in Lviv with Leva's help, Springfield and Makiatto hand the asset over to Kalina's team in the city's outskirts. But despite their measures of secrecy, they're attacked by invisible Automatons and surrounded by Public Security troops led by a Third-Generation Doll of the Girard Group, Igla. Under the pretense of investigating the battle, Igla is stalling NOMFA's team to expose Kalina to ELID and capture Helena's box. However, the box is stolen by DEFY, who evades Girard's pursuit in the city.

Before DEFY retreats to the sewers, Voymastina, known as the strongest Second-Generation T-Doll, fights one-on-one with Igla, the strongest Third-Generation T-Doll, and is bested. Voymastina argues that Helena is hampering their original mission and that they should deny her control to Paradeus by eliminating her, but Alva strongly opposes harming an innocent child. With their original handover point compromised, DEFY contact their commander to obtain new target coordinates, but expose their location to Girard in the process. By calling a favor from a certain woman, Igla remotely opens Helena's box to further slow DEFY down. Alva manages to gain Helena's trust and learns from her that Project Eden is led by a woman who wants to open a certain "door", but they're interrupted by Igla's arrival. Alva decides to fight Igla herself to buy time for Voymastina to evacuate Helena.

### Chapter 14 (Corposant \- Part 1.5)

After the Commander arrives in Lviv, Springfield reports the fight against Igla where Kalina was hurt, and that DEFY ran away with Helena. At the hospital, the Commander visits Kalina, who is depressed after botching the handover. She laments that her efforts at NOMFA failed to prevent the return of Paradeus and apologizes to the Commander for involving them in the Helena case as an excuse to contact them again. Replacing Kalina as NOMFA's field agent, Kryuger tasks the Commander with investigating and protecting Orphelune Girard, the heiress and daughter of the president of the Girard Group, and leader of “Project Eden”. Igla, who defeated and captured Alva during their previous confrontation, is the bodyguard, attendant and confidant of Orphelune, but Zimmerman attempts to poach the Doll for Cecht FABN.

Posing as a journalist, the Commander gets acquainted with Orphelune by demonstrating their interest in her research, while others only see her as Girard's emergency PR tool after the disaster caused by Rurik Girard in Odesa (in Deep Oblivion Part 2). They receive an invitation to her lab where she demonstrates how Project Eden uses Collapse Epiphyllums to convert Collapse radiation from the contaminated zone into electricity, doubling as a decontamination method. She claims that Project Eden came to her in a vision during the Frankfurt Incident. Seeing Orphelune's innocent enthusiasm for her research, the Commander suspects that she's not a member of Paradeus, but is being manipulated.

Meanwhile, Chiloveig fails to break into Alva's Neural Cloud and urgently calls Igla to perform the hacking, which leaves Orphelune vulnerable to an assassination attempts by unidentified forces. The Commander and their Doll forces repel the attackers and protect Orphelune until Igla's return. When Igla learns about the attack, she shoots Chiloveig in the head, but another Chiloveig clone immediately replaces her and claims that she can't be responsible for the attack since she needs Orphelune's help to complete Project Eden. After Igla is gone, Chiloveig explains to Alva that while she's not a genius like her idol Persica of DEFY's late creator Samantha Shaw, she still considers herself superior to them because she's immortal.

At Orphelune's lab, Igla wants to eliminate the Commander, thinking that they're a spy who protected Orphelune only to gain her trust. In response, the Commander comes clean about their goal to track down the origins of the Collapse Epiphyllums used by Paradeus to create artificial Boojums, and asks Orphelune to reveal the identity of her research partner. Like they did with Orphia in Chapter 12.5, the Commander also warn Orphelune that Project Eden is built on the lives of innocents and that her technology will be misused even if her intentions are pure. Orphelune reveals that she was introduced to Collapse Epiphyllums by Chiloveig, but refuses to give up on Project Eden, claiming that her technology cannot be judged based on its origins. She orders Igla to invesigate Paradeus' experiments and decides to find a way to control Project Eden's use. Igla returns to Chiloveig and threatens her so she doesn't implicate Orphelune in Paradeus' plans, but Chiloveig points out that Project Eden will necessarily put Orphelune in danger once she gets in the spotlight. Chiloveig instead suggests that Igla helps her complete Project Eden in Orphelune's stead by bringing Helena to her.

While Chiloveig tells Igla that she wants to hack into Alva's Neural Cloud to find Helena's whereabouts, her actual goal is to recruit her into Paradeus. She forces Alva into a Level II simulation where she's confronted by a doppelgänger who claims that the death of Angelia and RPK-16 were caused by her own incompetence, and that DEFY's decade-long war against Paradeus is useless. With some remote help by DEFY's commander, Alva confronts her own insecurities and makes the decision to not give up on her mission to fix the situation she failed to prevent, and to keep fighting for Angelia's ideal against Paradeus and Relic Technology. Alva speaks with a vision of Angelia who praises her growth as the inheritor of AK-12's title of “Snow Wolf” and encourages her to keep "defying" those who oppress the innocent until she finds a purpose beyond Angelia's ideal.

Alva successfully breaks out of Chiloveig's simulation and feigns being weakened to make Chiloveig talk about her objectives while discreetly hacking into the lab's network. Chiloveig promises to resurrect Angelia in exchange for Alva's defection, claiming Paradeus still possesses her consciousness engram. Chiloveig also reveals that her objective for Project Eden is to cultivate "flowers that attract butterflies" to open a "door to a world without pain", similar to the Starfish of the Paldiski Incident. Chiloveig flees after realizing that Alva has taken control of the lab, and Voymastina soon arrives to free Alva. Voymastina successfully stalls Igla while Alva siphons Paradeus' data and the DEFY duo escape, but Chiloveig has tracked Helena's position and captured her while they were away, intending to use her as one of the "flowers" of Project Eden.

A furious Zimmerman calls Chiloveig and blames her for calling Igla away, preventing his men from capturing her while he assassinated Orphelune. Chiloveig retorts that his assassination attempt failed anyway, and that he needs Paradeus more than they need him. A messenger from a Deputy Minister of the URNC warns Zimmerman that he must ensure the success of Project Eden's demonstration to keep the Girard Group afloat, while also delivering Igla to them the next day, or risk losing the URNC's support.

### Chapter 15 (Corposant \- Part 2)

### Chapter 16 (Antiparallel \- Part I)

### Chapter 17 (Antiparallel \- Part II)
