# GFL2 Story/Summary: Side Stories

## Side Stories

### Vestigial Display

The Elmo rescues a newly founded settlement from ELIDs, and the residents ask Monsoon Squad to write and stage a cautionary play for the children. Zhaohui and the Commander agree but Jiangyu isn't taken with the sudden amount of work. Varjagers attack while the Elmo is surveying the area and three children disappear. Jiangyu decides to show her stuff as a Griffin elite and infiltrates the Varjager camp to find the children. She discovers that they came to the camp on their own to take back what the bandits had stolen and Jiangyu gives them a practical lesson in moving silently back to the settlement. After the Elmo has taken down the Varjagers, Jiangyu demonstrates her martial arts to the children instead of the stage play, and tells them they can't act on their own until they can reproduce them.

### Rhapsody Quartet

_Bullet Echo, Homeseeker, Coffee-Flavored Stage, Returner's Determination, In the Firelight and Home is in the Heart are prequels to this story._

As Sharkry is preparing her next concert at Zucchero Café, she accidentally exchanges a box of props while defending a delivery truck against rioting automatons. Back at the café, a Dinergate exits the box and starts rampaging in the kitchen before being hacked. Just as the Dolls discover that the box is full of illegally modified weapons, the city is put on lockdown as Public Security is searching for a weapon smuggler named Farkas. Leva asks for Springfield's help to find Farkas, unaware that Zucchero is already in possession of some of its merchandise. Sharkry decides to keep the modified Dinergate and dresses it like a lion.

The Zucchero Dolls prioritize discreetly moving the weapons away from the café so they don't get in trouble in case of a search. They elect to move them to the nearby harbor full of abandoned warehouses, but as Centaureissi is moving the box, she passes near one of the drop-off locations of Farkas' smugglers and manages to infiltrate the gang. Makiatto follows Centaureissi to the concealed ship that serves as Farkas' base, and a battle starts when Farkas realizes their intrusion. The Zucchero Dolls prevail over Farkas' Flareberus and draw the attention of Public Security to the ship with the fireworks Sharkry planned to use for her show. The incident helps Centaureissi settle on new rules for herself, as she decides that using her weapon again is necessary to protect her friends.

### Halting Station

Following the events of Sojourners of the Glass Island and before Suomi's return to the Doll Community, Dushevnaya is hesitating to leave the community to search for her past. In order to repay the community for repairing her damaged body, she declares herself the “Almighty Wishing Machine” and tries to grant the wishes of her companions. She first dives into the database of the Marley Power Plant to find heavy metal songs for Suomi, stumbling on more operational logs from the experimental agricultural project. She then accidentally discovers the recipe for making a fidget slime toy for Ullrid. Afterwards, she associates with Bathilde to grant Lotta's wish of restarting the underground crops project, using the data previously acquired to activate a radiation-cleansing device in the plant. At the end of Dushevnaya's quest, Ullrid asks her to reconsider her decision to leave, and having grown closer to her friends over the course of her “Almighty Wishing Machine” project, Dushevnaya decides to stay and wait with Littara for an opportunity to meet the Commander again.

### Echo of Dawn

_Click here to read the original version of this story, before its June 2025 revision._

Following the events of Aphelion, Makiatto and Centaureissi from Zucchero Café and Daiyan and Jiangyu from Monsoon Squad have remained on the Elmo. However, Monsoon Squad is still technically commanded by Zhaohui, which blurs the chain of command. Zhaohui wants to come to a proper decision concerning her choice to leave Monsoon Squad or join the Elmo, and takes a solo commission from her underground broker friend Amida so that each member can reflect on their decision separately. Zhaohui's commission involves the protection of the Talia Troupe, and the lead actress, Aida, in particular. She happens upon Aida in a yellow zone alleyway in the middle of being mugged. After returning the stolen bag to Aida, she requests to join the troupe as an assistant and is allowed on by Thalia's manager. The Thalia troupe is touring the yellow zone to perform the play “Daybreak's Oath”, which Aida is hoping to improve by way of collecting more inspiration during her travels - in pursuit of such inspiration, Aida requests that Zhaohui take her to a nearby abandoned city. Shortly after arriving, Zhaohui notices some thugs looking for Aida and quickly neutralizes and ties them up. Zhaohui briefly interrogates them but learns little. At Aida's request, Zhaohui sets the thugs free, allowing them to drive off, and promises not to tell the troupe manager about them.

That night, Zhaohui returns to the abandoned city and follows the tracks left by the thugs' car, eventually reaching a Varjagers camp. There, she runs into the Commander and Groza, who were sent on a separate commission to investigate local Varjager activity. The Commander and Zhaohui agrees to support each others while working on their respective contracts, and the Commander and Groza join the troupe's bodyguards as a cover for their investigations. While they assess the settlement's security, they overhear an argument between Aida and a man regarding a certain "Feris", but the Commander prevents Zhaohui from intervening, not wanting to butt into Aida's private affair or create complications that could jeopardize their investigation. Zhaohui, who has a strong sense of justice, is disappointed in their action. To smooth things out with Zhaohui, the Commander asks Jiangyu and Daiyan to join the mission. Some time later, two rioters attack the troupe and accuse Aida of murder, but reveal that they were only hired to cause a scene and don't know the details of the accusation. The troupe director reveals that Aida's friend Feris, who played the lead role in “Daybreak's Oath”, was killed by Varjagers, and that her parents are accusing Aida of having organized her murder since she was promoted to lead actress after the death of her friend.

The Commander orders Groza to follow the rioters, which leads them to another Varjager camp. While destroying it, Faye, who had been traveling to join the Elmo, serendipitiously joins the attack, marking the complete reuinion of Monsoon Squad. As the Commander takes Zhaohui and Jiangyu to investigate the Varjager camps over the next days, they find that they beat a concerted retreat, an unusual strategy for the bandits, consistent with the more complex strategies they've been using in the past six months. The Commander also reveals that Monsoon Squad is cleared to join the Elmo since Kalina got NOMFA to relax the “Agreement” after the Commander assisted H.I.D.E. 404 a month prior. Daiyan, Jiangyu and Faye want to join the Elmo, but Zhaohui is still hesitating even with her companions pressuring her. A few days later, the Varjagers attack the settlement and capture Aida for ransom. Zhaohui wants to stage a rescue herself, but the Commander stops her, using a less direct and risky strategy: they pretend to be defeated and captured in order to locate and hide Aida before Monsoon can storm the Varjagers' camp.

Before they can leave the camp, Aida suddenly asks the Commander to kill the Varjagers: she noticed their leader wearing Feris' necklace, identifying them as the same group who killed her two months before, and wants to take revenge. During the final representation of “Daybreak's Oath”, Aida uses the necklace as a prop to represent the parting of a friend. Zhaohui asks the Commander why they chose self-exile, and they replied that they didn't want to blindly follow orders. This reason echoes Zhaohui's own choice to quit her former job and live freely according to her own justice, represented by the scars she chose to not repair. Having tested the Commander's moral stance, Zhaohui decides to join the rest of Monsoon aboard the Elmo.

A few years prior, Daiyan met Groza during a commission and had her deliver to the Commander a blue ribbon. In response, the Commander sent Groza back to deliver a pendant in the form of a thunderbolt representing Saint Elmo's Fire as a promise of reunion. Daiyan initially attempts to give the pendant back to the Commander, but finally decides to keep it as a proof of their bond.

### Escape from Cyborg

Following the events of Aphelion, H.I.D.E. 404 Combat Team B, which includes Vector, Harpsy, Ruchey) and Welrod, also board the Elmo. While Klukai, Andoris and Belka are out on a commission, Klukai puts Vector, whom she appinted as Team B's leader, in charge of making sure that Mechty is doing the calibration training on her new module installed by Dier. Vector is a diligent leader, but her natural pessimism leads her to accept the issues with her team without trying to address them, in particular her bad relationship with her strategist Welrod. The Commander advises Vector to solve the team's issues by leading the members into a consensus.

It turns out that Mechty has asked Harpsy to gamify her training by applying a game logic AI on top of the training simulation. The situation is familiar to Vector and she disapproves, but withholds her judgement until she can see if the training is adequate for herself, joining Mechty in the game. As they progress, the AI game engine feeds on the two Dolls' neural logs, rapidly increasing the complexity of the simulation. Soon, strange occurrences start appearing, Vector and Mechty start losing their memories, and Harpsy assumes a virus has taken over the simulation. Welrod contacts Dier to help find the source, but he discovers that the AI itself has reached the level of complexity of a Doll and is becoming sentient.

In the game, the formerly friendly NPCs in the form of the members of H.I.D.E. 404 start becoming hostile in a bid to absorb the entirety of 404's neural clouds and reach a "complete" state, and acquire their bodies to experience the real world. The AI appears as an amalgamation of the appearances and personalities of the team, and decides to name herself “Koshmar” (nightmare), the opposite of “Mechty” (dream). Team A returns from their expedition early, and Klukai jumps into the simulation along with the rest of Team B to save the neural data of Mechty and Vector. Klukai forces Mechty to go through an actual training, and Team B, reflecting both on the disregard of the rules that led to the incident and the successful strategies they implemented during the crisis, reach a consensus and a new common perspective.

### 404 Found

Some time after Belka has officially joined H.I.D.E. 404, she's still searching for ways to get closer to her “Big Sister” Klukai, who keeps her at arm's length. Belka's usual social strategy of appealing to pity and pestering people into accepting her doesn't work with the prickly Klukai, and Belka even gets jealous of Ruchey after she gets closer to Vector thanks to her advice. Andoris suggests that Belka organize a surprise party to celebrate the day of her reunion with her sister. The perceptive Klukai quickly ruins the surprise and gets pestered into authorizing the party, but wants to celebrate the formation of Combat Team A instead of just her reunion with Belka.

The day of the party, the team is pulled into an emergency mission. Klukai doesn't make it in time for the celebration and Belka ends up emptying her battery waiting for her return. Seeing that Klukai isn't bothered to have missed the day of the event, Belka lets out all her frustration and claims she's leaving the team, forcing Klukai to speak her usually concealed feelings. She praises Belka's growth since joining the team and feels like celebrating on a particular day isn't as important as maintaining the day-to-day success and well-being of the team. She gives Belka the hand-made gift she prepared for her, and the two sisters make up.

When showing these memories to the Commander later, Belka admits that her clinginess is based on her fear of losing her found family and being abandoned, and starts using her pestering on the Commander so they always stay by her side, too.

### Into the Shadows

Andoris is a service Doll with large data storage capacity, but brittle processes who tend to crash when she has to multitask under pressure. Changing jobs often, Andoris ends up joining Springfield's Zucchero Cafe as a waiter, but her instability continues to plague her work despite her colleagues' patience. One day, HK416 and G11 visit Zucchero Cafe to pick up a package for transport and storage, which turns out to be Andoris herself.

It is revealed that Kalina and Leva visited Zucchero in the past, and Leva decided to recruit Andoris into Squad 404 as an intelligence officer. She convinced Andoris that the cafe wasn't the best environment for her, and that 404 would be a place where she can make use of her strengths while having companions to cover for her weaknesses. By bringing Andoris in 404's base, Leva forces 416 to consider her admission into the team. Despite being overworked, 416 has been reluctant to admit new members in a black ops team that was originally born from desperation. To test Andoris' determination, 416 first challenges her with landing a hit on her by any mean necessary at any time of the day, but Andoris is much too slow to surprise or overpower an elite Tactical Doll. Instead, Andoris sets up a trap with innocuous items and manages to indirectly “lands a hit” on 416 by making G11 trip. Accepting Andoris' persistence, 416 takes her in a duel with live guns.

416 brutalizes Andoris in the duel, stopping short of actually shooting her, so she can realize the constant danger she'll be under if she joins Squad 404. Andoris is undettered and decides to take the admission test, which involves an ambush against a moving target, despite receiving no training with her new gun, a G63K-KSK. Paired with G11, Andoris demonstrates a better situational awareness than her veteran partner, but ends up accidentally shooting G11 due to her abysmal aim. The test demonstrates that Andoris needs severe training, 416 recognizes that Andoris can complement the team and officially admits her into Squad 404. At Andoris' welcome party, Leva and Lenna make a rare visit, and Leva officially transfers the role of team leader to 416 until her mission at NOMFA is done. 416 officially reintroduces her former codename Klukai, and swears she'll lead 404 towards a bright future.

### Mimisbrunnr's Loop

Part I

As the Elmo is under maintenance on the way to Lviv, Springfield finds a commission to test the security functions of Sycca Technologies' new Mopro 1.5 multifunction robots. She organizes a paintball battle royale in the lavish Platinum Resort, and invites some former Griffin Dolls to take part in the trial and reunite with the Commander, since the Agreement has been relaxed. The independent Dolls Peri and Sabrina arrive, joining Lind who was sent by Griffin & Kryuger. From the Dolls already aboard the Elmo, Groza, Makiatto, Sharkry, Andoris and Mechty also take part. The winner of the battle will receive a cash prize, and most of the Dolls intend to use it to buy a gift for the Commander.

Sharkry attempts to ally with Makiatto and Groza, but is quickly eliminated. Makiatto battles Andoris and Mechty while Peri and Sabrina ally to mow down the Moppies, but all five become trapped by locked doors. The disturbance is caused by Lind, who's using Cheeta's invention, the remote universal lock, to trap the other participants and make them easy picking. Springfield and the Commander decide to ban her strategy since it is contrary to their obejctive to train the Moppies, and Lind is eliminated by Peri and Sabrina soon after. Makiatto takes down Mechty, but underestimates Andoris and is eliminated in a draw. Sabrina is eliminated while shielding Peri from Groza's shots, but breaks the rules by continuting to fight the Moppies. This causes a cascading error in the Moppies' logic, and the robots start going haywire. While Peri and Groza trap the robots using Cheeta's gadget, the other Dolls hack into their central system, and after the incident is resolved, Peri emerges victorious because Groza was hit by a Mopro shortly before the bug.

Peri books the resort for an extra day to have a party with the Dolls and the Commander, but during the night, she visits the rooms and shoots her friends.

Part II

With a few days remaining for the Elmo maintenance, the Commander and the Dolls visit the nearby Underground Brokers annual fair. The organizer, Jakub Zeman, is a former member of Poludnitsa's convoy, before he was kicked out for being too greedy and ignoring merchant solidarity. As Peri tries to gather information and find her mentor, Thompson, Jakub suggests that the Elmo takes part in his promotional rally event, where broker teams compete to delivers goods in time and avoid the dangers of the contamination zone, with each team being tracked by Jakub's Compass system. Peri easily wins the first round, but that same night, the Commander and Springfield notice her slipping into an alley. In the morning, Peri has disappeared and Jakub denies knowing anything about it.

Investigating the alley, the Elmo crew discovers that it contains a hidden backdoor to Jakub's headquarters. Investigating Jakub's past through the information channels she built at Zucchero Café, Springfield learns that one of her contacts, Drachen, was negotiating a contract with Poludnitsa when Jakub approached her with a better offer, evidently relying on a mole in Poludnitsa's crew. Springfield asks Drachen to gather the locations of Jakub's warehouses, while simultaneously contacting Poludnitsa to exchange the identity of the mole against her help in the investigation. Meanwhile, Zhaohui and Jiangyu respond to a distress signal from one of Zhaohui's friends, Aminda, who's also Qiuhua's employer. The two Dolls fend off a trap set up by Varjagers, noticing that they're using the same unusually advanced tactics as they did during Echo of Dawn. The next day of the rally, Poludnitsa allows Elmo crew members to hide in her rally cars to hack into the Compass system, and track its signals.

While the investigation proceeds, Peri is caught in a simulated world where she's relentlessly pursued by a murderous version of Springfield who destroys her core across many simulation loops.

Having assembled enough evidence, Springfield and the Commander get to meet privately with Jakub, thanks to Drachen presenting the Commander as her final client. Springfield confronts Jakub with all the evidence proving he's colluding with the Varjagers to eliminate other brokers and steal their cargo: the B.R.I.E.F. reports showing that his convoys were never attacked by the local bandits; footage proving that the Varjagers were using the Compass system to target the brokers during the rally; CCTV footage procured by Poludnitsa showing that Peri met with Jakub the night of her disappearance; and finally the results of the investigation of Jakub's warehouses, filled with the stocks of other brokers killed by the Varjagers. Threat of violence by the members of Zucchero finally push Jakub to proudly admit to his dealings with the Varjagers in the search of profit, but his mood quickly drops when her learns that his Varjager allies just betrayed him and raided his warehouses, having only cooperated with him to gather more loot to pillage.

Under the Commander's promise to not ruin his reputation by revealing his collusion with bandits, Jakub reveals that he tricked Peri with the promise of meeting Thompson, instead delivering her to the camp where the Varjagers are collecting autonomous weapons and overwriting their authorizations. After she was injected with an overwrite program, Peri received external assistance from a mysterious woman, who introduced a vulnerability in the overwrite program to run a series of simulation loops based on Peri's memories. By allowing a specific member of her companions to "win" the current scenario, whether the battle royale during the Sycca contract or the rally, Peri could slowly build the termination sequence required to end the overwrite program. However, Peri was also forced to kill her friends at the end of each loop to slow down the overwrite, causing the vision from the end of Part I. An error in the process caused the overwrite program to counterattack in the form of Springfield, the most formidable T-Doll in Peri's mind, but she stands up to her regardless to protect the memories of her companions.

The Elmo Dolls raid the Varjager camp where Peri is kept in and help her complete the termination sequence. On Poludnitsa's insistence, the Commander makes good on their promise not to ruin Jakub's reputation, and with the many Dolls reunited aboard the Elmo, they resume the mission to delivery Melanie to Lviv, hoping to get the Doll Community aboard in the future. It is revealed that the Varjagers were under the control of Glasir, a member of Paradeus, and that the voice who helped Peri only saved her to hack into the Elmo's system and gain an access to the outside world, being otherwise held prisoner by Paradeus. Her backdoor planted, she waits for “Nebula Wind” to take action.

### Life Rekindled

Soon after the brokers fair incident, the Elmo expects to welcome Qiuhua aboard, but she's nowhere to be found. To investigate her last location, they travel to Darksteel Farm, a well-organized settlement led by Inspector Leo and Expedition Leader Garen. The Commander, Groza and Sabrina are turned down at the gates, but find another way in through the ruins the settlement is built on. On the way, they find a woman who's been shot and leave her in Colphne and Vepley's care. In Darksteel Farm, they learn that the settlement's annual trade fair is being delayed on top of the preparations being disturbed by a string of thefts performed by an unknown party nicknamed the "Nian".

The Elmo crew and Qiuhua are reunited just in time for Qiuhua to bail them out as they catch the guards' attention. Leaving the settlement, they join the camp of the scavengers, the descendants of the original inhabitants of the ruins, then called Sunset Farm. The scavengers ambition to rebuild the ruins and the fields, but have made no progress since their arrival, and acquired a bad reputation after some of their members turned to theft to survive, in turn leading the guards to suspect they're harboring the Nian. Qiuhua met with the scavengers on behalf of a former employer who came from Sunset Farm, and won't join the Elmo until she's caught the Nian and cleared the scavengers of suspicion. Meanwhile, the wounded woman awakens and disappears from Colphne and Vepley's watch.

Reconstructing doctored camera footage, the Elmo crew discovers that the Nian is in fact a group of robots who're stealing supplies and stockpiling them deep in the ruins. After recovering the stolen goods, Inspector Leo hires the Commander to investigate another theft: most of the funds planned for the trade fair were also stolen, causing the fair's delay. The prime suspect is the accountant Delia, whom the Commander recognizes as the wounded woman they found. Tracking her movements on CCTV, they find that Delia has returned to the farm and apprehend her, but she reveals that she wanted to be captured to bring vital information directly to the Inspector: taking over after the previous accountant's disappearance, she discovered in the ledgers that Expedition Leader Garen has been stealing the farm's resources for years. Delia was shot by Garen's men and left for dead after finding the truth, and the Nian was a cover-up to distract the guards from the important hit.

To test Garen's allegiance, Leo insists to go out with his expedition team and the Elmo crew to guide Aminda's convoy (actually Colphne using Aminda's identity) to the Farm. Leo and Garen reminisce about the past, but after meeting "Aminda" and getting the supplies, Garen orders his men to kill Leo. Garen reveals he's long been quietly disapproving of Leo's management of the Farm, based on prosperity via redistribution of resources, instead believing in a might-makes-right approach and that efforts to build stable settlements are wasted. Having confirmed Garen's guilt, Leo calls in his own men lying in wait and the Elmo crew to capture the expedition team members. Garen gives up the location of the stolen funds and warns Leo that his idealism is doomed to fail, before he's executed.

Back at the Farm, Qiuhua explains that some of the plants in the ruins are actually edible if correctly prepared and can be cultivated, helping the scavengers to survive. Before the Elmo leaves, Inspector Leo gives the Commander a special access permit so they can take shelter at Darksteel Farm in the future.

### Silvered Whispers

As Yoohee's Sparkle troupe is set to take part in a holidays festival in satellite city PRY-01, she travels to LUB-01 to meet Professor Bowen, a researcher working on artificial snow, on an idea from her senior Sharkry. In LUB-01, she meets her old companions Nagant and Ksenia as they help control a rogue robot who spews cold, slippery foam in the streets. The robot, Lumi, is actually part of Bowen's research. Bowen invites the Dolls to his home as thanks for catching Lumi, and explains that the robot was made by his late wife Renee as part of her pre-war machine learning research. Bowen accepts to help Yoohee with her show, but Lumi runs away before they can make plans. Yoohee finds Lumi entranced by a music box showing a dancing figure before it runs away to an abandoned building.

Yoohee, Ksenia and Nagant manage to catch Lumi after luring it by playing Bowen's favorite song, and enter its systems to take control and prevent it from causing more troubles. They discover that Lumi's overeager data intake has created a cache overflow that confuses its operating logic, and start destroying data packets to bring it under control. In the data, they find memories from Renee, and her last wish to share a dance under the snow with her husband. Seeing the memories, Yoohee realizes that Lumi was actually trying to learn to dance while creating snow to convey Renee's last wish to Bowen. She teaches Lumi how to dance so it can properly convey her wish. The incident solved, Yoohee integrates Lumi into her routine, making the show a great success.

### Ex Umbra

_This story is related toClassified Briefings#Unanswered Prayers. Thriller Wonderland is a follow-up to this story._

Three years before the events of the main story, former Griffin Doll VSK-94, now called Nikketa, is a member of the Public Security Administration of satellite city ODE-13, and a backer of the local orphanage. Due to her impressive combat performance, Nikketa is regularly scouted by Mangi Security Service, but she prefers to serve with the police to uphold her ideal of justice. During a routine sting operation against a drug ring, she's framed for the attack of another public security agent and expelled from the force. Trying to appeal the decision, Nikketa contacts fellow orphanage backer Inesa Chernova, who's a high ranking member of the PSA's intelligence agency. Chernova reveals she's the one who framed Nikketa to force her to join Mangi and serve as an undercover agent for the PSA, in order to investigate a drug called Vitalis, a sham cure against the shcizophrenia-inducing “Doll Syndrome” which Mangi is suspected to be trafficking based on a photograph taken by an anonymous source.

Unbeknownst to Nikketa, Chernova is actually working for Mangi themselves, who want to gather data from Nikketa's exceptional neural cloud on behalf of their associates developing the third generation of Dolls, the Girard Group. Soon after joining, Nikketa is accidentally assigned to a job for veterans, which puts her in close contact with Mangi's most important cargo. While investigating it, Nikketa learns that her squad leader, David Evans, secretly hates her for being a Doll, and is involved in embezzling a different drug trafficked by Mangi, Erdis (or “Eutis”). Chernova orders Nikketa to ignore the Erdis trafficking to focus on the Vitalis, which doesn't sit well with Nikekta's conception of justice.

With the help of her former Griffin colleagues still working at the PSA, Mosin-Nagant, Ksenia and Nagant, Nikketa continues to investigate David. She learns that Chernova's young daughter Una was in contact with him, and in the warehouse where hestored his Erdis and Vitalis, she also finds some of Una's belongings, which turns out to be the camera that took the picture which started the investigation. Following the route of a suspicious delivery completed by David some months earlier, Nikketa acquires evidence that he murdered Una. Nikketa confronts Chernova about her ties with Mangi, and she admits that someone named “Sharktooh” blackmailed her into making Nikketa join the PMC. Learning the murder of her daughter, Chernova allies with Nikketa to get revenge.

Nikketa willingly falls into a trap planned by Girard to deactivate, then abduct her and David, whom Mangi is planning to kill for his embezzling. After reaching her destination, a Girard R&D lab, Nikketa is remotely reactivated by Chernova. In the lab's computers, Nikketa finds the names of two projects, Nebula Wind and Coronal Hole, and a list of Dolls they want to gather data from, including herself and several former Griffin colleagues, in particular OTs-14 and DP-12. To protect her former colleagues, Nikketa decides to compromise with her ideal of justice in order to keep investigating Mangi, and self-destructs to convince Mangi that she has forgotten all the evidence she previously discovered. Meanwhile, Chernova abducts David and tortures him to understand why he killed Una. It's revealed that David has been suffering from Doll Syndrome schizophrenia, and murdered and mutilated her daughter while transporting her for Sharktooth after becoming convinced that she was a Doll. Chernova kills David and continues to assist Nikketa to complete her vengeance against Sharktooth.

Back in the present, Kalina explains to the Commander that Nikketa will give them intel about Mangi until she can joins the Elmo.

### Breaking Butterfly

### Thriller Wonderland

_This story follows toEx Umbra._

The Commander awakens, amnesiac and foggy, in a mysterious amusement park called Thriller Wonderland. They meet several other “guests”, including Mia, Fleur, Esme, Michelle and Pauline, who all vaguely remember each other but not the Commander, as well as Florence, a Doll who acts intimate with the Commander. Acting as the park's manager, Florence guides the guests to several attractions, but Mia claims Florence has been making them visit the park in a loop before being taken away by bizarre “clowns” for refusing to participate. Fleur is killed on a rollercoaster, Michelle from drug withdrawal, and while visiting a haunted house, the guests other than the Commander relive a Mangi Security Service delivery run that went wrong and Esme is fatally shot. After each ride, Florence gives the guests a pill that allows them to recover some memories, and the Commander starts piecing out that they're part of a collective hallucination.

At the end of the loop, Florence takes the Commander to her personal clinic and uses a special process so they recover their mental capabilities faster. After Pauline confirms the Commander's theories before being killed in the first ride, the Commander completely recovers. They remember having received a message from Florence and came to the amusement park, which is in fact too dilapidated for the rides to work, to recover samples of Eutis, a hallucinatory drug smuggled by Mangi according to Nikketa's intel. Florence drugs the guests to maintain the hallucinatory loop, while also secretly giving them a counter-agent, revealing that her actions are forced by the orders of the actual mastermind.

The Commander identifies the culprit as Esme, who is sickly and uses a wheelchair outside of the hallucination. Esme only faked her death, and the other “killed” guests are only in a coma after thinking they died. Based on bits of information remembered by the other guests or revealed by Florence, the Commander deduces that Esme is a Mangi Security Doll engineer who developed a form of schizophrenia and adrenaline addiction because of Eutis, and hacked into Florence to make her develop a new form of the drug, called Euphoria. Florence was working as Esme's physician as repayment since she repaired and maintained her frame, but her treatment was hampered by Esme's addiction. Seeking ever more thrilling events to escape from her physical condition, Esme manipulated a convoy of her colleagues to capture them using her “clowns” (actually robots) and force them to participate in the Thriller Wonderland hallucination with her. However, by calling the Commander for help, Florence reactivated their priority authorizations in her neural cloud, countering Esme's orders and allowing her to use her special process on them to break the loop. After confirming the Commander's deductions, Esme forces a neural cloud deletion on Florence, but she again uses the Commander's priority authorizations to counter it. Neither the Commander or Florence are interested in passing judgment for Esme's actions, so they release the guests after curing their symptoms and seize the Eutis for further analysis. Florence decides to complete Esme's treatment for her lingering condition before joining the Elmo.

### Turbulent Undercurrent

At Griffin & Kryuger, Frostfall Squad is completing a security assignment against rogue guard robots in the rich residential area of the KYI-09 Green Zone. The team has too little work and its finances are tight due to the tendency of Cheeta and Lind to cause collateral damages. While cleaning up the battlefield, they find an ID card made of rare Girard Group-patented memory-shape alloy, and Lind keeps a copy of the rogue robot's code. To earn extra money, Lind and Cheeta decide to secretly sell the ID card to an Underground Broker, but the broker calls Varjagers to capture them and only Cheeta manages to escape. Cheeta, Qiongjiu and Tololo find the Varjager group and the broker who captured Lind and learn that she's been taken to a luxury cruise ship at the frontier between the Yellow Zone and the Green Zone. Qiongjiu and Cheeta use the ID card to board the ship while Tololo provides remote support. The ship serves as a gambling den for rich White Zone patrons, and Tololo detects the signature of many Dolls on the lower deck. Qiongjiu and Cheeta hack into a slots machine to earn the gold casino chip necessary to access the VIP area and they discover that the ship is actually hiding an illegal Doll gladiator arena.

In the command room of the ship, Lind is kept captive by Karl Holtz, the son of Girard's R&D representative Yakov Holtz. Growing under his mother Celia, a philantropist and toy maker, Karl is considered a failure by the rest of the family. To prove his worth to his fathern Karl wants to use Lind to beat the arena's champion and take control of the arena's betting scene. The champion in question is K-09, a replica of Krolik, one of the most popular Doll gladiators before the Statesec crackdown of 2067. To beat K-09 both in firepower and in spectacle, he specifically sought Lind, using the commission at the mansion to lure her in, after learning her most well-kept secret: she's an experimental UL-SD Doll capable of feeling pain like a human. To force Lind to follow his orders, Karl attempts to infect her with an incomplete version of Girard's BETA virus, exploiting the fact that the virus will still be effective on an IOP Doll like Lind since Girard's own products are based on stolen data. Lind resists the virus but pretends it worked to gain Karl's trust. Her plan works and when Karl leaves her unsupervised, Lind steals confidential files from the ship's systems and spreads the code she acquired in the rogue robots at the mansion to cause all the security robots on the ship to go berserk.

Lind is sent to the arena to fight K-09, but doesn't fight in earnest. Having once been used as a tool and tortured by humans, she wants to free the over 170 Dolls who have been subjugated by the BETA virus and forced to fight aboard the ship. When the security robots go haywire, Frostfall rescues Lind and agree to help her free the gladiator Dolls. Using remote-controlled bombs crafted by Cheeta, Frostfall blows the ship in two parts, trapping Girard's guards on one side before using Griffin's tugboat to steal the part containing the captured Dolls. Lind reveals her origins to Frostfall and apologize for the risks she exposed them to for her own ideal, and they reinforce their trust in each other. Meanwhile, Yakov remotely traps his son Karl in the sinking part of the ship, revealing that he allowed Karl to organize Lind's capture as a last chance to prove himself, but failed in an even more spectacular way than expected since the files stolen by Lind contain ample evidence of Girard's illegal activities. Yakov also reveals that he married Celia to kill her and inherit her fortune, and only sees killing his son as tying a loose end during an already difficult time for Girard after the events involving FABN.

### Project Neural Convergence

_This is a sequel to the story ofProject Neural Cloud. See PNC Story/Summary_.

The Elmo and Groza Team are suddenly infected by a novel virus, and Persica comes to the Elmo to intervene. She brings with her Lewis, who works for 42LAB's Doll research division despite her background in toy-making. Persica reveals that the virus, called Entropy, originates from 42LAB's Magrasea superserver. She needs the Commander to enter the server with a consciousness digitization interface to gather the source code of Entropy, which can be used to create countermeasures. While the Commander is unfamiliar with Magrasea, Persica hands them the profile of a 42LAB member bearing the Commander's exact name, calling it a coincidence, and asks them to act undercover under the name of “the Professor”.

When the Professor and Lewis enter Magrasea, they're separated by an unknown entity. Lewis wounds up in Njord Sector, finding it ravaged by Entropy. The Professor arrives near Rossum Sector and is found by Persicaria, the Doll assistant of Persica in charge of Magrasea. While defending Rossum against the Entropics and gathering their source code, the Professor and Persicaria discover that the Entropy is using the data from T-Dolls that the Professor knows from the real world. Searching for Lewis, the Professor learns that many of the Dolls from Griffin & Kryuger once lived in Magrasea as part of Project Neural Cloud, and others benefited from the final results of the project. After being captured by the unknown entity, Lewis relives the period when the inhabitants of Magrasea decided to perform a second server reset as a protective measure, separating everyone from each other, and the later process of merging the memories from Magrasea's Dolls back into their physical frame. At the time, Lewis felt that both Griffin and Magrasea had met unfair ends, and joined 42LAB to watch over the data of her companions from the Cloud.

Lewis, the Professor and Persicaria are reunited, having gathered 85% of the necessary source code of Entropy. They're invited by the unknown entity to the remains of the Oasis, where the Dolls used to live while in Magrasea. There, the entity introduces herself as Beelneith and attempts to convince the Professor that the outside world is needlessly cruel and that they should abandon their body to live in Magrasea. Beelneith is an entity born from the data of Project Neural Cloud that Lewis brought back to Magrasea. The data contained the strong emotions every Doll felt towards the Professor, but lacked the memories necessary to interpret these emotions, turning them into possessiveness. To force the Professor to stay with her, Beelneith broadcasts the Elmo's positions to nearby Varjagers and bounty hunters, aiming to destroy it and Groza Squad to cut the Professor's ties to the real world. Finally, Beelneith steals the Professor's authorizations, taking full control of Magrasea and enforcing the Black Box Evolution Theory program to cut it from the external world.

Using her own authorizations as a 42LAB researcher, Lewis allows the Professor and Persicaria to log out of Magrasea, but stays to fight Beelneith, feling responsible for creating her. Since 2% of the virus' source code is still needed to create a countermeasure, the Professor decides to return into the Cloud to fight Beelneith and save both Lewis and Groza Squad. By allowing themselves to be infected by Entropy, the Professor gathers enough source code to formulate the countermeasure, which allows the Professor and Persicaria to invade Beelneith's neural cloud. Inside, Beelneith attempts to use the Professor's memories to convince them to join her in Magrasea, confirming that the Commander and the Professor are the same person, but that they deleted their memories as the leader of the Exiles of Oasis in order to conceal Magrasea from the external world. The Commander isn't swayed by Beelneith's promises of a virtual paradise, having already chosen exile once to escape from someone else's control. Beelneith attempts to convince Lewis and Persicaria to join her in trapping the Professor in Magrasea, being keenly aware that Persicaria's feelings for the Professor are the strongest, to the point that Beelneith's appearance resembles Persicaria because of them. While Beelneith only sees the Professor's exile as a painful separation, the Dolls trust that it is only temporary and necessary to pursue their ideals.

In the real world, the Entropy preventing Groza Squad from defending the Elmo is remotely alleviated by the intervention of the former members of the Exiles, Antonina, Sol, Croque, Eos, Xinghuan, Nanaka and Sangoma. After Beelneith loses control of Magrasea's authorization, more former members of the Exiles connect remotely to provide Lewis, Persicaria and the Professor the necessary operands to destroy her.

The crisis averted, Persicaria and Antonina reset Magrasea to its state before Beelneith's intrusion and bid farewell to the Professor. Due to the sheer amount of sensitive data gathered in Magrasea, its existence must be kept a secret, which in turn prevents the research it contains from positively impacting the real world and the Professor from freely visiting it. The Exiles gift the Professor a copy of the research performed by each sector to use during their own missions. The Exile Dolls hope to be able to meet the Professor in the real world soon, while those without a physical body like Eos want to acquire a frame for themselves. In private, Persica, Persicaria and Antonina discuss who re-introduced the Entropy to Magrasea and to what end, narrowing the possibilities to a spy within 42LAB. Persicaria confirms that she could have handled Beelneith alone using her powers as the Entropic Arbiter, but that involving the Professor ensured that Magrasea wouldn't be damaged in the process.

### Advance! Miss Courier!

After the Commander left Griffin & Kryuger in exile, SMG Type 100, who goes by the new name Sakura, loses interest in her routine as a mercenary without the Commander to give her advice and praise her efforts. She decides to leave to search for them, and takes a job as a warehouse manager for the logistics company Molniya Express in KIR-03, hoping to one day handle a package related to the Commander. While Sakura's efforts contribute to Molniya's growth, she slowly realizes that her efforts are wasted since she can't find any lead on the Commander, her managers waste all of her proposals to improve work processes, and she gets in a spat with one the couriers, Andrei Petrov, when she refuses to break company policy by handing him a package for an unconventional delivery.

On a particularly busy day, Sakura takes a quick battery-charging nap, but falls asleep on a truck that brings her all the way to the distant satellite city of CHE-03. In the warehouse of the CHE-03 branch, she meets Truck-san, the haughty navigational AI of one of the company's delivery truck. Since there's no truck going to KIR-03 before ten weeks, the company asks Sakura to start working as a courier for the local branch. She gets paired with Truck-san, who insists she calls her “Truck-senpai” while it calls her “baka Sakura”. On her first delivery, Sakura convinces Truck-san to take a dangerous shortcut where she fends off a band of thugs, but ends up ruining the cake she was supposed to deliver, angering the client.

Sakura falls into a rut, but after her training at Griffin & Kryuger saves her and Truck-san from a Varjagers attack during a delivery, she receives praises from the soldiers of the Great Wall Railway Garrison and decides that her efforts shouldn't aim to earn the praises of the people around her, but to uphold the standards of the Commander so that she can be proud of her accomplishments when they meet again. With her new motivation, Sakura improves her interpersonal communication skills and provides reparation out of her own pocket for the previously wasted cake, obtaining the client's forgiveness. She also decides to gather enough money to upgrade her fire control core and Truck-san.

An opportunity to make money arises when Sakura's manager nominates her for Molniya's quarterly “Ace Courier Competition”. During the challenge, Truck-san's experience with deliveries and Sakura's experience with combat enable them to obtain more points by completing difficult deliveries, but Sakura's bad luck catches up to them when they get targeted by Andrei and other couriers trying to get in their way, get stuck in potholes while trying to take a shortcut and run into the same thugs who attacked them during the cake incident. They also lose time when Sakura decides to save Andrei from the thugs to honor Molniya's policy. Andrei confesses that his actions were motivated by his goal to climb the corporate ladder and change the company for the better, but Sakura points out that he can't gather any support with his current attitude. She also meets Springfield, who works with Molniya through Zucchero Café and repeats the praises Sakura receives from management.

At the end of the competition, Sakura and Truck-san arrive in second place, a few points behind Molniya's best courier, Vera Ivanova. But Vera, who is acquainted with Andrei, learned about Sakura's heroic actions during the competition and intercedes in her favor to the judges, who decide to award the title of Ace Courier to both Vera and Sakura. When Sakura returns to KIR-03, Truck-san gifts her a wind chime lucky charm to ward off her chronic bad luck, and have her promise to recruit it when she opens her own delivery service in the future. On the way back, Sakura catches the news of the Commander being declared a terrorist.

### Needy Cat Girl Overload
