# Griffin & Kryuger

**Griffin and Kryuger Private Military Company and Security Consultant Company** (克鲁格和格里芬军事承包与安全顾问服务公司) or **Грифон & Крюгер** (_Grifon & Kryuger_) in Cyrillic, usually called Griffin (格里芬) or G&K (“GK”), is a private military company founded in 2053 by former Ministry of Internal Affairs officer Berezovich Kryuger and Rossartrist agent Griffin Lyons, and is the main protagonist faction of Girls' Frontline. Griffin's headquarter is in the fictional location of Endfyld (Эндфилд, also written Endfield or Endshire), at 279B Verkhovnoi Rady Boulevard, Ploshad 4 (Площадь 4), most probably within the Neo-Soviet Union in Eastern Europe. It has administrative offices in Ulitsa Odoyevskogo 106, Minsk, Minskaya voblasć, Belarus. It has additional branches in Glasgow, Vladivostok, Konya and Dijiang (帝江).

G&K is known for mostly employing Tactical Dolls and has been an important sponsor of IOP and 16LAB, directly influencing several design decisions in their T-Dolls standards. By Kryuger's preferences, all Griffin T-Dolls are designated by the weapon they use in combat, with the same name being used across multiple bases. Due to restrictions on PMC equipment, G&K T-Dolls cannot use weapons manufactured within the last 50 years, which can lead to some issues when restocking ammo. After the Butterfly Incident of 2061, G&K was put in charge of destroying the rampaging Sangvis Ferri T-Dolls in Area S09. This is where the player takes the role of the Commander in Girls' Frontline.

G&K strives to be, as their motto says, “the shining beacon in a brave new world”.
