# Dusty Memories: Unknown Area

## Unknown Area

### The Riddle of Vayne

Peritya one day enters a simulated space where she encounters Groza. She knows that Groza is a member of the Elmo, which Krolik also boarded, and expects Groza to be familiar with her. When Groza doesn't seem to know her or her codename, Peritya tries to invade her neural cloud, but they are forced to cooperate when the simulation's defense systems attack. After using their respective strengths to clear the wave of enemies, Groza captures Peritya and brings her to the Commander for interrogation. Peritya explains that they are currently in the most complex simulation she's seen among the many she's been dragged into, comparing it to a Klein bottle. The Commander requisitions Peritya's experience to find an exit to the simulation, claiming they're connected to it through special machinery and have been stuck in it for three years. The duration doesn't match Peritya's intel from the physical world, revealing that Groza and the Commander are actually simulated themselves. She suspects that the virtual space is dedicated to simulating the Commander, while Groza and the defense systems provide stimulation to extrapolate more behavioral data. Allowing Peritya to enter implies that the simulation's creator still needs more stimulation to obtain a sufficiently complex copy of the Commander. Peritya decides to rename the simulated version of the Commander “Linchpin”.

Peritya offers to destroy the simulation from the inside and Linchpin readily accepts Peritya's proposal to break down the simulation and to disappear with it. When Peritya starts attacking the simulation's core, the creator of the virtual space sends the defense systems to attack her. While Linchpin and Groza keep the defenses at bay, Peritya manages to access the base layer of the simulation just before they are forced to leave their stronghold. After explaining the world's nature to Linchpin and confirming their resolve, Peritya destroys the simulation by killing them.

Some time later, after joining the Elmo, Peritya asks the Commander if they know any powerful electronic warfare Doll that would have created a simulation dedicated to them, but an issue with the Elmo cuts the conversation short. Peritya can sense that an entity has recognized her EW abilities and interest in virtual spaces, and has been guiding her to the Elmo and the Commander. Peritya decides to play along and keep the Commander safe until she can meet the entity in question, and learn from her how to create intricate simulations. Paritya later retells her encounter with Linchpin to the Commander, explaining that the simulation was created because the Commander is so interesting to observe that some entities, like Peritya herself, become taken with them.
