# Dusty Memories: Yellow Zone

## Yellow Zone

### Secrets of the Heart

During a mission to recover stolen Dolls, Groza and Nemesis are attacked by a vagabond Doll that was recently put on B.R.I.E.F.'s hunting list, Krolik. Krolik has been searching for Peritya for eight years and remembers seeing Groza in Peritya's company. The timeframe corresponds to when Groza was working for Statesec, now one of the government agencies in charge of national security under the URNC, but neither her or the Commander know about Peritya. Despite needing information and being short a leg after her fight with the Elmo Dolls, Krolik doesn't trust the Commander to exchange information and threatens to commit suicide by neural meltdown if they try to forcibly access her neural records. The Commander was initially willing to simply hand Krolik over and get the bounty on her head, but wants to negotiate with her since she knows something about Groza's past.

The Commander proposes to establish a Doll-to-Doll connection, enabling Krolik to only share the information she's willing to expose while not exposing her to a dangerous amount of processing power that could be use to perform an electronic attack on her neural cloud. The Commander also points out that they would still benefit from Krolik if she committed suicide, since they could sell her components (especially her bunny headdress which contain rare parts), while she stands to gain nothing. As a final push, the Commander offers to let Krolik join the Elmo so they can all search for Peritya, and Krolik finally agrees to a 100-days trial period aboard the Elmo. Nemesis is put in charge of connecting with Krolik on Level II, as her neural cloud is more stable than Groza's, though she can't clearly communicate what she sees because of her language issue.

Groza manages to narrow down Peritya's identity as a simple colleague from Statesec, one of the tens of thousands of people belonging to the hundreds of task forces within the Public Security Department of Statesec's Doll Administration. Krolik herself has no connections to Statesec: she's a civilian Doll whose body was modified when she was held in the Doll arenas of a Satellite City, and became a vagabond after Statesec's crackdown on Doll arenas gave her a chance to escape to the contamination zone. They also discover that Krolik can inexplicably perfectly understand Nemesis. On 14 April 2074, Krolik's trial period ends. After some work to crack her reluctant facade, including threatening to make her pay for her expenses, she formally agrees to stay. Later, while remembering the past with the Commander, Krolik realizes how the Commander tricked her into staying aboard, when she would have stayed regardless since the Commander treats her as if she was human, leads her well in battle and doesn't try to make her use other weapons than her favorite sword.

### Extreme Translation

Some time after Vepley joined the Elmo, the Commander becomes frustrated with Nemesis' communication difficulties, which forces their dispatch groups to always put her with Krolik. Realizing that Vepley has a multilingual module for her songs, they ask Mayling to prepare a translation database to be used by the other Dolls so they can expand their available strategic configurations. The Commander bribes Krolik with promises of new ear accessories so she provides translation samples. Upon testing, it appears that the translator doesn't work on anything that's not a taunt towards Krolik, since this was the situation most represented in the training materials. After a new round of training proves sufficient to convey Nemesis' communication in the field, the newly named NemesisPod is distributed and the crew discusses what they will do with the planned extra income from the more efficient team allocations.

But when field testing begins, the Dolls realize that the translation delay isn't suitable for combat, and the Commander has to settle for cheaper items to gift to the crew, and instead plans to have extra income the next month by taking a strange B.R.I.E.F. commission to make some morrisol cheese, secretly working on it with Nemesis, who apparently knew how to make it, using the NemesisPod to follow her instructions. But when seeing the result, it's clear that the NemesisPod didn't properly convey the instructions, and the commission even turns out to be a scam used by the client to sell a bogus recipe. While trust in the NemesisPod leads to its abandonment, the Commander uses it some time later when Nemesis tries to express her gratitude towards them.

### Hidden Feelings

After noticing that the Commander neglected to take care of a recent wound, Colphne decides to hold medical lectures so everyone in the crew can perform first aid on their human comrades. The Commander falls asleep during the lecture, and Colphne assigns Krolik to monitor their schedule, revealing that they're suffering from insomnia after speaking to Kalina again. Colphne convinces the Commander to attend to a therapy session, and they talk about a dream they had on the Elmo ten years ago, when it housed hundreds of Dolls. Thinking about this time has awakened old regrets about the lives of Dolls and humans they couldn't save. Colphne provides reassuring words and helps the Commander to sleep, but the Commander's kindness reminds Colphne of another kind person she couldn't save. Afterwards, Colphne forces the Commander to wear “The Incredible Colphne's Special Healthy Life Assistant MAX Pro” sensor watch for a while so they stick to a sleeping schedule.

### Rescue Plan

Vepley one day requests to start an idol unit on the Elmo to diversify the revenue stream of the crew. In her wild imagination, she forces the Commander to start training in singing and dancing, and Helena also insists to join. Nemesis is designated manager to make use of her divinations, and Vepley decides to call the group Elmo Hunters 3, or EH3, perpetuating the tradition of naming idol groups after their place of formation. After a modestly successful first show, Vepley decides that the group needs its own original songs. She reuses unused melodies from her time at 11th Task Force and let Nemesis write lyrics. EH3 eventually catches the eye of famous music producer Maximilian Fischer, they cause copycat groups to appear, and even become the URNC's Purification Project Ambassadors.

The Commander eventually brings Vepley back to reality and Groza drags her to the simulator so she learns not to strike unnecessary poses while in battle. Later on, Vepley continues to tweak the proposal and submit it hoping for the Commander to change their mind.

### Knack for Cooking

After completing a round of commission, the Commander asks the crew to setup a financially reasonable feast to recover from a month of eating nothing but hardtack. Colphne turns the preparations into a cooking competition between the Groza-Mayling team and the Krolik-Nemesis team, with Mayling's rice wine as the prize. The experienced Groza ends up helping both the nervous and clumsy Mayling and the clueless opposing team, hoping that the Commander will end up with at least one palatable meal. The Krolik-Nemesis team ends up winning, but the two Dolls give Mayling back her wine in the end, since neither of them have an interest in alcohol. The Commander later informs Groza that they chose Krolik and Nemesis' dish because Groza's was not using the correct ingredients. Groza takes the mistake with utmost seriousness and later requests that the Commander to keep taste-testing her cuisine so she can retain her “perfect leader” title.

### Divinity of Slumber

After the Commander catches a fever from overwork, Colphne places Dushevnaya in charge of monitoring them so they don't put in some work secretly and actually focus on recuperating. The Commander explains that they are suffering from insomnia, and Dushevnaya launches on a quest to find ways to help them rest by “resonating with the unknown powers”. She first attempts to play lullabies with a suona (not realizing how loud it is at first), then reads a aloud a book which turns out to be about the depressingly cruel life of a Doll (making Dushevnaya herself wince while reading), and tries lots of other relaxation methods to no avail. Each time Dushevnaya leaves the room to search for some item, the Commander sneaks in some work in their terminal.

As they try some light exercise by cleaning the lounge, the Commander finds cards for a word-guessing game and challenges Dushevnaya, with the loser having to obey an order. The Commander expects to win due to the usually rigid associative logic of Dolls and plans to give Dushevnaya an order that would give them time to take on a call with B.R.I.E.F., but the Doll's naturally cryptic way of speaking actually makes her unbeatable. Dushevnaya eventually uses her last resort and orders the Commander to submit to a combination of all of Ullrid's relaxation gadgets, which actually manages to make the Commander sleep for a scrumptious eight hours uninterrupted by nightmares. The Commander accepts defeat and agrees to spend more time relaxing with Dushevnaya, who's also looking to rebuild her bond with the Commander after losing her memories from their time at Griffin.

### First Counterattack

_This story is connected toSojourners of the Glass Island Part I._

After the disappearance of Bernard Allen's convoy during one of his Collapse Epiphyllum collecting runs, II_77090 and HG WKp are organizing Allen's Dolls and setting up a voting system to take communal decisions. The first vote decides to send search teams to gather resources, and Rosalind and Bathilde prepare vehicles for the expedition led by Suomi. II_77090 is also thinking about officially announcing the new name she wants to use: Ullrid. The next pressing issue is to find a more secure location so the Dolls won't become the preys of bounty hunters, ELIDs and bandits, but most of them are civilians afraid to travel. Suomi returns with some resources, but also a wounded bounty hunter. II_77090 is wary of humans, but understands that Suomi rescued them while thinking of the Commander who also became a bounty hunter. WKp warns that because most of the Dolls were service Dolls programmed to trust humans, voting to nurse the bounty hunter back to health is dangerous, since the Dolls will disregard the risk of the bounty hunter betraying them. II_77090 insists on a vote to build trust in the system.

When the bounty hunter, Charlotte, awakens, she immediately inquires about the Dolls' owner, and II_77090 pretends they are still the property of Allen. She also refuses to provide her B.R.I.E.F. identification, revealing that she's an illegal bounty hunter. Shortly after, Charlotte leaves in a hurry and the Dolls start mounting defenses. Five days later, a bounty hunter convoy that bought their location from Charlotte attacks, trying to capture them. In the confusion of the battle, WKp identifies the human leader but can't notify the others, and so decides to go after him alone. She manages to take out the leader, but her body is severely damaged.

The opinion of the Dolls about humans changes after the battle, and they decide to change location. II_77090 reveals that WKp drafted most of the vote proposals and plans, increasing the trust of the other Dolls in her, and also publicly announces her new name, explaining its origin. The first part, Ull, is from a Nordic god of the bow, since she got the drive to fight for her freedom the day where she picked up a bow and scared away the human hunters tracking her in the Dolls hunting grounds she was a prisoner in. The second part simply means "to be freed". By telling her story, she encourages the other Dolls to choose new names for themselves while they are building their new Doll Community.

When Ullrid relates her story later on, the Commander's opinion is that Ullrid's choice to care for the bounty hunter wasn't wrong, since she was able to surmount the consequences of her ideal. Since they are someone she can completely trust, Ullrid asks the Commander to teach her more about how to be a proper leader.

### If I Still Had a Choice

_This story is connected toSojourners of the Glass Island Part I._

Two weeks after the Doll Community had its first experience of human aggression, HG WKp is gathering data and thinking on the place where the community should migrate. Ullrid joins her after caring to wounded Dolls, and WKp gives her a head massager (or “soul extractor”) as a curiosity. For some reason, the massager actually helps Ullrid relax even if she's lacking actual nerves, sparking her interest in relaxation gadgets. WKp's plan is to relocate to new ruins to the northeast and the community agrees to the move, but Suomi and the advance party later calls to warn that the location has been razed by combats between bounty hunters and Varjagers, and a Collapse storm. WKp starts processing new locations, but suddenly crashes.

WKp awakens 15 hours later in one of the community's vehicles. Based on her calculations, Ullrid has selected a new target location, a power plant. Regarding her health, due to incompatibilities between her neural cloud and jury-rigged frame, WKp is faced with a choice: abandon neural modules causing issues, and leaving her without a number of basic functions including her weapon imprint, or attempt a neural cloud rewrite and imprint reset to fix the issues. The second solution could allow WKp to change imprint for a more powerful weapon, but could also kill her if they encounter an error, since they don't have servers to host a backup of her neural cloud. WKp insists to go through with the riskier process despite Ullrid's insistence to go for the safe one.

As they approach the location and discover a high ELID concentration, WKp reveals that she secretly asked Rosalind to upgrade her imprint to a Galil ARM and helps beating back the pursuing ELIDs. The upgrade also makes or more bold, she starts working on plans to take over the power plant and decides to change her name to Littara.

### Deputy Leader

_This story is connected toSojourners of the Glass Island Part II._

Two weeks after the Elmo saved Suomi from a Crysmole attack, Suomi's work on B.R.I.E.F. tasks has confirmed that she's still the elite T-Doll she was at Griffin. For this reason, she's selected as acting team leader while Groza ia away on an extended assignment. While Suomi can easily manage the tasks related to the Elmo's maintenance and B.R.I.E.F. reports, her social awkwardness makes her apprehensive about her chek-ins with [[Mayling] and Nemesis. Regardless, she successfully gets Nemesis' report through gestures and helps Mayling investigate ghost voices in the Elmo (actually the sound of Suomi looping Children of Bodom's "In Your Face" just loud enough to hear outside of her dorm).

Shortly before Groza's return, the Elmo's alarm warns of an intruder. While protecting Mayling and chasing after the intruder, Suomi notices that the intruder's movements and Mayling's orders are keeping her away from the ops room. Mayling's notoriously bad lying abilities eventually make it clear that the intrusion is a setup and Suomi guesses that her farewell party is being setup in the ops room. But when she enters the ops room, she's met with a welcome party instead and Groza reveals that her latest mission was to fetch a music player specced to Suomi's tastes. Suomi hopes to stay on the Elmo a bit longer, away from other bounty hunting teams where she had a reputation of bringing bad luck.

### Special Cinema

_This story is connected toSojourners of the Glass Island Part I._

The Doll Community is conducting repairs and moving in their belongings after taking control of the Marley Thermal Power Plant. Though most of the Dolls are focused on practical work, Ullrid is trying to come up with ideas to raise their morale. Drawing from her experience in previous bounty hunter convoys, Lotta suggests to use a crate of stage props they found earlier to organize a team-building activity. Lotta recruits Bathilde to mount a camera on a neutralized Wheedwacker, invites Suomi and Dushevnaya to star in an amateur movie and asks Littara to write a script to inspire the community, adapting the community's ordeals in a fantasy setting. Suomi and Dushevnaya struggle because they don't understand the role of heroes they have been assigned, until Lotta point out that they can simply emulate their perception of Ullrid and Littara, who are real-life heroes for the community. They realize much too late that the camera doesn't have much memory and hasn't been recording for a while.

During another day of shooting, the Dolls are surprised by ELIDs while they are distracted, and Lotta starts having second thoughts about the necessity of producing the movie over more practical survival work. That same night, the moving camera pilfered by the ELIDs inadvertently serves as a warning of an incoming ELID attack, and Ullrid encourages Lotta to complete the movie. After two weeks of shooting, when it comes time for Lotta and Bathilde to review the footage, they find that the multiple incidents have made it impossible to make a coherent story. Instead, they use the incidental footage and bloopers they captured to create a light-hearted montage of the community's life. The screening is a big success, and Lotta decides to start recording more scenes of the community's life so Wolfiin and their other sleeping companions can catch up once they are awakaned. After joining the Elmo, Lotta starts doing the same with the Commander's daily life.
